Author,Title,Description,Genre,Banned,Label
"Laurie, Forest",The Black Witch,"A new Black Witch will rise…her powers vast beyond imagining.  Elloren Gardner is the granddaughter of the last prophesied Black Witch, Carnissa Gardner, who drove back the enemy forces and saved the Gardnerian people during the Realm War. But while she is the absolute spitting image of her famous grandmother, Elloren is utterly devoid of power in a society that prizes magical ability above all else.  When she is granted the opportunity to pursue her lifelong dream of becoming an apothecary, Elloren joins her brothers at the prestigious Verpax University to embrace a destiny of her own, free from the shadow of her grandmother’s legacy. But she soon realizes that the university, which admits all manner of people—including the fire-wielding, winged Icarals, the sworn enemies of all Gardnerians—is a treacherous place for the granddaughter of the Black Witch.  As evil looms on the horizon and the pressure to live up to her heritage builds, everything Elloren thought she knew will be challenged and torn away. Her best hope of survival may be among the most unlikely band of rebels…if only she can find the courage to trust those she’s been taught to fear.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Witches, Romance, Magic, Young Adult Fantasy, Fiction",1,Cultural
"Deborah, Harkness",Shadow of Night,"Picking up from A Discovery of Witches’ cliffhanger ending, Shadow of Night takes Diana and Matthew on a trip through time to Elizabethan London, where they are plunged into a world of spies, magic, and a coterie of Matthew’s old friends, the School of Night. As the search for Ashmole 782 deepens and Diana seeks out a witch to tutor her in magic, the net of Matthew’s past tightens around them, and they embark on a very different—and vastly more dangerous—journey.","Fantasy, Romance, Fiction, Historical Fiction, Paranormal, Vampires, Witches",1,Cultural
"Diana, Athill",Somewhere Towards the End,"Winner of the 2009 National Book Critics Circle Award in Autobiography and a New York Times bestseller: a prize-winning, critically acclaimed memoir on life and aging ―“An honest joy to read” (Alice Munro). Diana Athill is one of the great editors in British publishing. For more than five decades she edited the likes of V. S. Naipaul and Jean Rhys, for whom she was a confidante and caretaker. As a writer, Diana Athill has made her reputation for the frankness and precisely expressed wisdom of her memoirs. Now in her ninety-first year, ""entirely untamed about both old and new conventions"" ( Literary Review ) and freed from any of the inhibitions that even she may have once had, Athill reflects candidly, and sometimes with great humor, on the condition of being old―the losses and occasionally the gains that age brings, the wisdom and fortitude required to face death. Distinguished by ""remarkable intelligence...[and the] easy elegance of her prose"" ( Daily Telegraph ), this short, well-crafted book, hailed as ""a virtuoso exercise"" ( Sunday Telegraph ) presents an inspiring work for those hoping to flourish in their later years.","Memoir, Nonfiction, Biography, Autobiography, Biography Memoir, Essays, Womens",1,Cultural
"Cassandra, Clare",Chain Of Iron,"The Shadowhunters must catch a killer in Edwardian London in this dangerous and romantic sequel to the #1 New York Times bestselling novel Chain of Gold, from New York Times and USA TODAY bestselling author Cassandra Clare.  Cordelia Carstairs seems to have everything she ever wanted. She’s engaged to marry James Herondale, the boy she has loved since childhood. She has a new life in London with her best friend Lucie Herondale and James’s charming companions, the Merry Thieves. She is about to be reunited with her beloved father. And she bears the sword Cortana, a legendary hero’s blade.  But the truth is far grimmer. James and Cordelia’s marriage is a lie, arranged to save Cordelia’s reputation. James is in love with the mysterious Grace Blackthorn whose brother, Jesse, died years ago in a terrible accident. Cortana burns Cordelia’s hand when she touches it, while her father has grown bitter and angry. And a serial murderer is targeting the Shadowhunters of London, killing under cover of darkness, then vanishing without a trace.  Together with the Merry Thieves, Cordelia, James, and Lucie must follow the trail of the knife-wielding killer through the city’s most dangerous streets. All the while, each is keeping a shocking secret: Lucie, that she plans to raise Jesse from the dead; Cordelia, that she has sworn a dangerous oath of loyalty to a mysterious power; and James, that he is being drawn further each night into the dark web of his grandfather, the arch-demon Belial. And that he himself may be the killer they seek.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Romance, Historical Fiction, Young Adult Fantasy, Urban Fantasy, Paranormal",1,Cultural
"Sonora, Reyes",The Lesbiana's Guide to Catholic School,"A debut novel about a queer Mexican American girl navigating Catholic school, while falling in love and learning to celebrate her true self.  Sixteen-year-old Yamilet Flores prefers to be known for her killer eyeliner, not for being one of the only Mexican kids at her new, mostly white, very rich Catholic school. But at least here no one knows she's gay, and Yami intends to keep it that way.  After being outed by her crush and ex-best friend before transferring to Slayton Catholic, Yami has new priorities: keep her brother out of trouble, make her mom proud, and, most importantly, don't fall in love. Granted, she's never been great at any of those things, but that's a problem for Future Yami.  The thing is, it's hard to fake being straight when Bo, the only openly queer girl at school, is so annoyingly perfect. And smart. And talented. And cute. . Either way, Yami isn't going to make the same mistake again. If word got back to her mom, she could face a lot worse than rejection. So she'll have to start asking, WWSGD: What would a straight girl do?","Romance, LGBT, Young Adult, Queer, Lesbian, Contemporary, Fiction",1,Religious
"Amy, Ignatow",The Rocky Road Trip of Lydia Goldblatt and Julie Graham-Chang,"It’s summertime, and Julie and Lydia are going on a road trip! After all the ups and downs of their first year in junior high, they’re looking forward to seeing the sights and getting some new perspective on their quest for popularity. Papa Dad and Daddy will provide the transportation, and they’ll provide the entertainment. At first Julie and Lydia use their Powers of Observation to catalog the traditions and oddities of each new location they visit, but soon their attention turns to parents and family and negotiating sensitive family dynamics. By the time the duo hits familiar streets again, they may have to accept some uncomfortable truths, but their journey is infused with the humor, heart, and truthfulness that Amy Ignatow is known for.","Middle Grade, Graphic Novels, Childrens, Humor, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, LGBT",1,Cultural
"Ian, McEwan",On Chesil Beach,"A novel of remarkable depth and poignancy from one of the most acclaimed writers of our time.  It is July 1962. Florence is a talented musician who dreams of a career on the concert stage and of the perfect life she will create with Edward, an earnest young history student at University College of London, who unexpectedly wooed and won her heart. Newly married that morning, both virgins, Edward and Florence arrive at a hotel on the Dorset coast. At dinner in their rooms they struggle to suppress their worries about the wedding night to come. Edward, eager for rapture, frets over Florence’s response to his advances and nurses a private fear of failure, while Florence’s anxieties run deeper: she is overcome by sheer disgust at the idea of physical contact, but dreads disappointing her husband when they finally lie down together in the honeymoon suite.  Ian McEwan has caught with understanding and compassion the innocence of Edward and Florence at a time when marriage was presumed to be the outward sign of maturity and independence. is another masterwork from McEwan—a story of lives transformed by a gesture not made or a word not spoken.","Fiction, Historical Fiction, Literary Fiction, Contemporary, Romance, British Literature, Literature",1,Cultural
"Suzanne, Brockmann",Over the Edge,"Suzanne Brockmann has taken romantic suspense by storm with her action-packed thrillers. Now she has written the most gripping novel of her career–an unforgettable story of an explosive hostage situation in which two people are caught between the call of duty and the lure of destiny.  Her passion is flying. As one of the best helicopter pilots in the naval reserves, Lieutenant Teri Howe is strong, dedicated, and highly skilled–until a past mistake surfaces, jeopardizing everything she’s worked for.  Rock steady Senior Chief Stan Wolchonok has made a career of tackling difficult challenges. So it’s no surprise when he comes to Teri’s aid, knowing that his personal code of honor–and perhaps his heart–will be at risk. But when a jet carrying an American senator’s daughter is hijacked, Stan’s unflinching determination and Teri’s steadfast courage are put to the ultimate test. The rescue mission will be daring and dangerous. But somewhere between peril and resolution, the line between friends and lovers begins to blur, pushing both their lives over the edge . . . .","Romance, Romantic Suspense, Suspense, Military Fiction, Contemporary, Contemporary Romance, Fiction",1,Political
"Dav, Pilkey",Captain Underpants and the Sensational Saga of Sir Stink-a-Lot,"Laugh out loud with Captain Underpants, the #1 New York Times bestselling series from Dav Pilkey, the creator of Dog Man! George and Harold, and their doubles, Yesterday George and Yesterday Harold, have a good thing going. Two of them go to school, while the other two hide in the tree house and play video games all day -- then they switch! But it turns out there's something rotten in the state of Ohio, and it's smellier than a pile of putrid gym socks. The boys' malicious gym teacher, Mr. Meaner, has created a method of mind control that transforms their fellow students into attentive, obedient, perfect children. Now the future of all humanity is in George and Harold and Yesterday George and Yesterday Harold's hands!","Childrens, Humor, Fiction, Graphic Novels, Middle Grade, Chapter Books, Comics",1,Cultural
"Mary Higgins, Clark",Moonlight Becomes You,"Newport, Rhode Island: a world of old money, old names, and sinister secrets. Maggie Holloway, a fashion photographer, goes to visit a woman who had once been her stepmother, but when she arrives, the woman is dead, the victim of a violent robbery. Maggie is stunned when she learns that she's the beneficiary of the will - and even more stunned when she recognizes a pattern of murder in Newport society that will lead the killer straight to her.","Mystery, Fiction, Suspense, Thriller, Mystery Thriller, Crime, Adult",1,Cultural
"Alex, Flinn",Bewitching,"Bewitching can be a beast. . . .  Once, I put a curse on a beastly and arrogant high school boy. That one turned out all right. Others didn’t.  I go to a new school now—one where no one knows that I should have graduated long ago. I’m not still here because I’m stupid; I just don’t age.  You see, I’m immortal. And I pretty much know everything after hundreds of years—except for when to take my powers and butt out.  I want to help, but things just go awry in ways I could never predict. Like when I tried to free some children from a gingerbread house and ended up being hanged. After I came back from the dead (immortal, remember?), I tried to play matchmaker for a French prince and ended up banished from France forever. And that little mermaid I found in the lifeboat? I don’t even want to think about it.  Now a girl named Emma needs me. I probably shouldn’t get involved, but her gorgeous stepsister is conniving to the core. I think I have just the thing to fix that girl—and it isn’t an enchanted pumpkin. Although you never know what will happen when I start . . . bewitching.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Romance, Fairy Tales, Retellings, Magic, Witches",1,Cultural
"Pintip, Dunn",Dating Makes Perfect,"The Tech sisters don’t date in high school. Not because they’re not asked. Not because they’re not interested. Not even because no one can pronounce their long, Thai last name—hence the shortened, awkward moniker. But simply because they’re not allowed.  Until now.  In a move that other Asian American girls know all too well, six months after the older Tech twins got to college, their parents asked, “Why aren’t you engaged yet?” The sisters retaliated by vowing that they won’t marry for ten (maybe even twenty!) years, not until they’ve had lots of the dating practice that they didn’t get in high school.  In a shocking war on the status quo, her parents now insist that their youngest daughter, Orrawin (aka “Winnie”), must practice fake dating in high school. Under their watchful eyes, of course—and organized based on their favorite rom-coms. ’Cause that won’t end in disaster.  The first candidate? The son of their longtime friends, Mat Songsomboon—arrogant, infuriating, and way too good-looking. Winnie’s known him since they were toddlers throwing sticky rice balls at each other. And her parents love him.  If only he weren’t her sworn enemy.","Romance, Young Adult, Contemporary, Young Adult Contemporary, Young Adult Romance, Enemies To Lovers, Fiction",1,Cultural
"Jeffrey, Archer",Sons of Fortune,"It is often spur-of-the-moment decisions, sometimes made by others, that can change our whole lives.  Bestselling author Jeffrey Archer returns with a powerful tale of twins separated by fate and reunited by destiny.  In the late 1940's in Hartford, Connecticut a set of twins is parted at birth. Nat Cartwright goes home with his parents, a schoolteacher and an insurance salesman. But his twin brother is to begin his days as Fletcher Andrew Davenport, the only son of a multi-millionaire and his society wife.  During the years that follow, the two brothers grow up unaware of each other's existence. Nat leaves college at the University of Connecticut to serve in Vietnam. He returns a war hero, finishes school and becomes a successful banker. Fletcher, meanwhile, has graduated from Yale University and distinguishes himself as a criminal defense lawyer before he is elected to the Senate.  Even when Nat and Fletcher fall in love with the same girl they still don't meet. They continue on their separate paths until one has to defend the other for a murder he did not commit. But the final confrontation comes when Nat and Fletcher are selected to stand against each other for governor of the state.  In the tradition of Jeffrey Archer's most popular books, is as much a chronicle of a nation in transition as it is the story of two remarkable men and how, eventually, they come to discover the truth - and its extraordinary consequences...", "Fiction, Thriller, Historical Fiction, Drama, Mystery, Novels, Politics",1,Political
"Melissa, Ostrom",The Beloved Wild,"A debut YA American epic and historical adventure from Melissa Ostrom about striking out for your own destiny.  She's not the girl everyone expects her to be.  Harriet Winter is the eldest daughter in a farming family in New Hampshire, 1807. She is expected to help with her younger sisters. To pitch in with the cooking and cleaning. And to marry her neighbor, the farmer Daniel Long. Harriet’s mother sees Daniel as a good match, but Harriet doesn’t want someone else to choose her path—in love or in life.  When Harriet’s brother decides to strike out for the Genesee Valley in Western New York, Harriet decides to go with him—disguised as a boy. Their journey includes sickness, uninvited strangers, and difficult emotional terrain as Harriet sees more of the world, realizes what she wants, and accepts who she’s loved all along.","Historical Fiction, Young Adult, Historical, Fiction, Romance, Young Adult Historical Fiction, Teen",1,Cultural
"Celia, Rees",This is Not Forgiveness,"Everyone says that Caro is bad ...but Jamie can't help himself. He thinks of her night and day and can't believe that she wants to be his girlfriend. Gorgeous, impulsive and unconventional, she is totally different to all the other girls he knows. His sister, Martha, hates her. Jamie doesn't know why, but there's no way he's going to take any notice of her warnings to stay away from Caro. But as Jamie falls deeper and deeper under her spell, he realises there is more to Caro - much more. There are the times when she disappears and doesn't get in touch, the small scars on her wrists, her talk about revolutions and taking action, not to mention the rumours he hears about the other men in her life. And then always in the background there is Rob, Jamie's older brother, back from Afghanistan and traumatised after having his leg smashed to bits there. Jamie wants to help him, but Rob seems to be living in a world of his own and is increasingly difficult to reach. With Caro, the summer should have been perfect ...but that isn't how things work out in real life, and Jamie is going to find out the hard way. This taut psychological drama is the brilliant new novel from acclaimed Celia Rees.  Watch the official trailer for", "Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Mystery, Realistic Fiction, Drama, Fiction",1,Political
"Rin, Chupeco",The Never Tilting World,"Frozen meets Mad Max in this epic teen fantasy duology bursting with star-crossed romance, immortal heroines, and elemental magic, perfect for fans of Furyborn.  Generations of twin goddesses have long ruled Aeon. But seventeen years ago, one sister’s betrayal defied an ancient prophecy and split their world in two. The planet ceased to spin, and a Great Abyss now divides two realms: one cloaked in perpetual night, the other scorched by an unrelenting sun.  While one sister rules Aranth—a frozen city surrounded by a storm-wracked sea —her twin inhabits the sand-locked Golden City. Each goddess has raised a daughter, and each keeps her own secrets about her sister’s betrayal.  But when shadowy forces begin to call their daughters, Odessa and Haidee, back to the site of the Breaking, the two young goddesses —along with a powerful healer from Aranth, and a mouthy desert scavenger —set out on separate journeys across treacherous wastelands, desperate to heal their broken world. No matter the sacrifice it demands.","Fantasy, Young Adult, LGBT, Romance, Young Adult Fantasy, Lesbian, Fiction",1,Cultural
"David, Levithan",The Realm of Possibility,"One school. Twenty voices.  Endless possibilities.  There's the girl who is in love with Holden Caulfield. The boy who wants to be strong who falls for the girl who's convinced she needs to be weak. The girl who writes love songs for a girl she can't have. The two boys teetering on the brink of their first anniversary. And everyone in between.  As he did in the highly acclaimed , David Levithan gives us a world of unforgettable voices that readers will want to visit again and again. It's the realm of possibility open to us all - where love, joy, and the stories we tell will linger.", "Young Adult, Poetry, LGBT, Fiction, Contemporary, Romance, Queer",1,Cultural
"Stephanie, Coontz",The Way We Never Were: American Families and the Nostalgia Trap,"The Way We Never Were examines two centuries of American family life and shatters a series of myths and half-truths that burden modern families. Placing current family dilemmas in the context of far-reaching economic, political, and demographic changes, Coontz sheds new light on such contemporary concerns as parenting, privacy, love, the division of labor along gender lines, the black family, feminism, and sexual practice.","History, Nonfiction, Sociology, Feminism, Politics, American History, Historical",1,Political
"Diana, Gabaldon",An Echo in the Bone,"The seventh volume in bestselling author Diana Gabaldon’s epic Outlander saga is a masterpiece of historical fiction featuring Jamie and Claire, from one of the genre’s most popular and beloved authors.  Jamie Fraser, erstwhile Jacobite and reluctant rebel, knows three things about the American rebellion: the Americans will win, unlikely as that seems in 1778; being on the winning side is no guarantee of survival; and he’d rather die than face his illegitimate son — a young lieutenant in the British Army — across the barrel of a gun. Fraser’s time-travelling wife, Claire, also knows a couple of things: that the Americans will win, but that the ultimate price of victory is a mystery. What she does believe is that the price won’t include Jamie’s life or happiness — not if she has anything to say.  Claire’s grown daughter Brianna, and her husband, Roger, watch the unfolding of Brianna’s parents’ history — a past that may be sneaking up behind their own family.","Historical Fiction, Romance, Fantasy, Fiction, Time Travel, Historical, Historical Romance",1,Political
"Stephen, King",Skeleton Crew,"Librarian's Note: Alternate-cover edition for ISBN 0751504386  In a bumper collection of truly chilling tales, we meet Gramma - who only wanted to hug little George, even after she was dead; The Raft - a primeval sea creature with an insatiable appetite; The Monkey - an innocent-looking toy with sinister powers; the unspeakable horror of The Mist. And there is a gruesome host of other stories, each with the distinctive blend of unimaginable terror and realism that typifies King's writing.","Horror, Short Stories, Fiction, Fantasy, Thriller, Anthologies, Audiobook",1,Offensive Language
"Courtney, Summers",The Project,"The #1 Indie Next Pick and winner of the International Thriller Writers Award now in paperback with an exclusive bonus chapter.  BELIEVE HIM, BETRAY HER  1998: Six-year-old Bea doesn’t want a sister but everything changes when Lo is born early. Small and frail, Lo needs someone to look out for her. Having a sister is a promise, Mom says—one Bea’s determined not to break.  2011: A car wreck, their parents dead. Lo would’ve died too if not for Lev Warren, the charismatic leader of The Unity Project. He’s going to change the world and after he saves Lo’s life, Bea wants to commit to his extraordinary calling. Lev promises a place for the girls in the project, where no harm will ever come to them again . . . if Bea proves herself to him first.  2017: Lo doesn’t know why Bea abandoned her for The Unity Project after the accident, but she never forgot what Bea said the last time they spoke: We’ll see each other again. Six years later, Lo is invited to witness the group’s workings, meet with Lev, and—she hopes—finally reconnect with her sister. But Bea is long gone, and the only one who seems to understand the depths of this betrayal is Lev. If it’s family Lo wants, he can make her a new promise . . . if she proves herself to him first.  Powerful, suspenseful and heartbreaking, The Project follows two sisters who fall prey to the same cult leader—and their desperate fight back to one another.  Available now: I'M THE GIRL, the new ""brutally captivating"" (Publishers Weekly, starred review) queer thriller from Courtney Summers, based loosely on The Epstein case and ""not for the faint of heart"" (The New York Times)", "Young Adult, Thriller, Mystery, Contemporary, Mystery Thriller, Fiction, Audiobook",1,Political
"James, Ellroy",The Black Dahlia,"On January 15, 1947, the torture-ravished body of a beautiful young woman is found in a vacant lot. The victim makes headlines as the Black Dahlia—and so begins the greatest manhunt in California history. Caught up in the investigation are Bucky Bleichert and Lee Blanchard: Warrants Squad cops, friends, and rivals in love with the same woman. But both are obsessed with the Dahlia—driven by dark needs to know everything about her past, to capture her killer, to possess the woman even in death. Their quest will take them on a hellish journey through the underbelly of postwar Hollywood, to the core of the dead girl's twisted life, past the extremes of their own psyches—into a region of total madness.", "Mystery, Fiction, Crime, Noir, Historical Fiction, True Crime, Thriller",1,Offensive Language
"Daria, Snadowsky",Anatomy of a Single Girl,"""Curious teens will find Snadowsky's honesty refreshing, and like [Judy Blume's] Forever before it, this [book] is sure to be passed from hand to hand.""-- Booklist  After everything that happened—my first boyfriend, my first time, my first breakup—jumping back into the dating game seemed like the least healthy thing I could do. It’s not that I didn’t  want  to fall in love again, since that’s about the best feeling ever. But as a busy college premed still raw from heartbreak, which is the  worst  feeling ever, I figured I’d lie low for a while. Of course, as soon as I stopped looking for someone, an impossibly amazing—and devastatingly cute—guy came along, and I learned that having a new boyfriend is the quickest way to recover from losing your old one.      The moment we got together, all my preconceptions about romance and sex were turned upside down. I discovered physical and emotional firsts I never knew existed. I learned to let go of my past by living in the present. It was thrilling. It was  hot . It was just what the doctor ordered.      But I couldn’t avoid my future forever.      In Daria Snadowsky’s daring sequel to  Anatomy of a Boyfriend , eighteen-year-old Dominique explores the relationship between love and lust, and the friendships that see us through.  ""Dominique is a strong female character who makes informed decisions and demonstrates control over her own body and goals. . . . This book could be popular with girls who are curious and interested in reading about intimate young adult relationships.""-- VOYA  ""Presents a multiplicity of opinions and stories about sex, intimacy and relationships and lets readers come to their own conclusions.""-- Kirkus Reviews","Young Adult, Romance, New Adult, Contemporary, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary",1,Cultural
"Jess, Kidd",Things in Jars,"Bridie Devine, female detective extraordinaire, is confronted with the most baffling puzzle yet: the kidnapping of Christabel Berwick, secret daughter of Sir Edmund Athelstan Berwick, and a peculiar child whose reputed supernatural powers have captured the unwanted attention of collectors trading curiosities in this age of discovery.  Winding her way through the labyrinthine, sooty streets of Victorian London, Bridie won’t rest until she finds the young girl, even if it means unearthing a past that she’d rather keep buried. Luckily, her search is aided by an enchanting cast of characters, including a seven-foot tall housemaid; a melancholic, tattoo-covered ghost; and an avuncular apothecary. But secrets abound in this foggy underworld where spectacle is king and nothing is quite what it seems.  Blending darkness and light, history and folklore, Things in Jars is a spellbinding Gothic mystery that collapses the boundary between fact and fairy tale to stunning effect and explores what it means to be human in inhumane times.","Historical Fiction, Fantasy, Mystery, Fiction, Magical Realism, Historical, Gothic",1,Cultural
"Jessica, Goodman",They Wish They Were Us,"A murder mystery set against the backdrop of an exclusive prep school on Long Island.  In Gold Coast, Long Island, everything from the expensive downtown shops to the manicured beaches, to the pressed uniforms of Jill Newman and her friends, looks perfect. But as Jill found out three years ago, nothing is as it seems.  Freshman year Jill's best friend, the brilliant, dazzling Shaila Arnold, was killed by her boyfriend. After that dark night on the beach, Graham confessed, the case was closed, and Jill tried to move on.  Now, it's Jill's senior year and she's determined to make it her best yet. After all, she's a senior a Player--a member of Gold Coast Prep's exclusive, not-so-secret secret society. Senior Players have the best parties, highest grades and the admiration of the entire school. This is going to be Jill's year. She's sure of it.  But when Jill starts getting texts proclaiming Graham's innocence, her dreams of the perfect senior year start to crumble. If Graham didn't kill Shaila, who did? Jill vows to find out, but digging deeper could mean putting her friendships, and her future, in jeopardy.","Mystery, Young Adult, Thriller, Mystery Thriller, Contemporary, Fiction, Audiobook",1,Political
"Ananth, Hirsh",Lucky Penny,"If Penny Brighton didn't have bad luck, she'd have no luck at all. She lost her job. And her apartment. In the same day. But it's okay, her friend has a cozy storage unit she can crash in. And there's bound to be career opportunities at the neighborhood laundromat— just look how fast that 12-year-old who runs the place made it to management! Plus, there's this sweet guy at the community center, and maybe Penny can even have a conversation with him without being a total dork. Surely Penny is a capable of becoming an actual responsible adult, and if she can do that her luck’s bound to change! Right?","Graphic Novels, Romance, Young Adult, Humor, Fiction, Graphic Novels Comics, Contemporary",1,Political
"Anne, Rice",Queen of the Damned,"Librarian's note: An alternate cover edition can be found here  In 1976, a uniquely seductive world of vampires was unveiled in the now-classic Interview with the Vampire . . . in 1985, a wild and voluptuous voice spoke to us, telling the story of The Vampire Lestat.  In The Queen of the Damned, Anne Rice continues her extraordinary ""Vampire Chronicles"" in a feat of mesmeric storytelling, a chillingly hypnotic entertainment in which the oldest and most powerful forces of the night are unleashed on an unsuspecting world.  Three brilliantly colored narrative threads intertwine as the story unfolds:  - The rock star known as Vampire Lestat, worshipped by millions of spellbound fans, prepares for a concert in San Francisco.  Among the audience--pilgrims in a blind swoon of adoration--are hundreds of vampires, creatures who see Lestat as a ""greedy fiend risking the secret prosperity of all his kind just to be loved and seen by mortals,"" fiends themselves who hate Lestat's power and who are determined to destroy him . . .  - The sleep of certain men and women--vampires mortals scattered around the world--is haunted by a vivid, mysterious dream: of twins with fiery red hair and piercing green eyes who suffer an unspeakable tragedy.  It is a dream that slowly, tauntingly reveals its meaning to the dreamers as they make their way toward each other--some to be destroyed on the journey, some to face an even more terrifying fate at journey's end . . .  - Akasha--Queen of the Damned, mother of all vampires, rises after a 6,000 year sleep and puts into motion a heinous plan to ""save"" mankind from itself and make ""all myths of the world real"" by elevating herself and her chosen son/lover to the level of the gods: ""I am the fulfillment and I shall from this moment be the cause"" . . .  These narrative threads wind sinuously across a vast, richly detailed tapestry of the violent, sensual world of vampirism, taking us back 6,000 years to its beginnings.  As the stories of the ""first brood"" of blood drinkers are revealed, we are swept across the ages, from Egypt to South America to the Himalayas to all the shrouded corners of the globe where vampires have left their mark. Vampires are created--mortals succumbing to the sensation of ""being emptied, of being devoured, of being nothing."" Vampires are destroyed.  Dark rituals are performed--the rituals of ancient creatures prowling the modern world.  And, finally, we are brought to a moment in the twentieth century when, in an astonishing climax, the fate of the living dead--and perhaps of the living, all the living--will be decided.","Horror, Fantasy, Vampires, Fiction, Paranormal, Supernatural, Urban Fantasy",1,Religious
"David, Small",Home After Dark,"Thirteen-year-old Russell Pruitt, abandoned by his mother, follows his father to sun-splashed California in search of a dream. Suddenly forced to fend for himself, Russell struggles to survive in Marshfield, a dilapidated town haunted by a sadistic animal killer and a ring of malicious boys who bully Russell for being “queer.” Rescued from his booze-swilling father by Wen and Jian Mah, a Chinese immigrant couple who long for a child, Russell betrays their generosity by running away with their restaurant’s proceeds.","Graphic Novels, Comics, Fiction, Young Adult, Coming Of Age, Historical Fiction, Graphic Novels Comics",1,Offensive Language
"Stephen, Chbosky",The Perks of Being a Wallflower,"standing on the fringes of life... offers a unique perspective. But there comes a time to see what it looks like from the dance floor.  This haunting novel about the dilemma of passivity vs. passion marks the stunning debut of a provocative new voice in contemporary fiction: The Perks of Being A WALLFLOWER  This is the story of what it's like to grow up in high school. More intimate than a diary, Charlie's letters are singular and unique, hilarious and devastating. We may not know where he lives. We may not know to whom he is writing. All we know is the world he shares. Caught between trying to live his life and trying to run from it puts him on a strange course through uncharted territory. The world of first dates and mixed tapes, family dramas and new friends. The world of sex, drugs, and The Rocky Horror Picture Show, when all one requires is that the perfect song on that perfect drive to feel infinite.  Through Charlie, Stephen Chbosky has created a deeply affecting coming-of-age story, a powerful novel that will spirit you back to those wild and poignant roller coaster days known as growing up.  (back cover)","Young Adult, Fiction, Classics, Coming Of Age, Romance, Mental Health, Realistic Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Jo, Knowles",See You at Harry's,"Starting middle school brings all the usual challenges - until the unthinkable happens, and Fern and her family must find a way to heal. Twelve-year-old Fern feels invisible. Her dad is always busy planning how to increase traffic to the family business. Her Mom is constantly going off to meditate. Her sister Sarah, who's taking a ""gap year"" after high school, is too busy finding ways not to work; and her brother Holden is too focused on his new ""friend"" to pay attention to her. And then there's three years old, a ""surprise"" baby, and  the center of everyone's world.  If it wasn't for Ran, Fern's best and oldest friend, there would be nowhere to turn. Ran is always calm, always positive. His mantra ""All will be well"" is soothing in a way that nothing else seems to be. And when Ran says it, Fern can almost believe.  But when their lives are unexpectedly turned upside down, Fern feels more alone than ever, and responsible for the event that wrenches the family apart. All will not be well. Or at least, all will never be the same.","Young Adult, Realistic Fiction, Middle Grade, Contemporary, Fiction, Family, Death",1,Political
"Joshua, Hanagarne",The World's Strongest Librarian: A Book Lover's Adventures,"A funny and uplifting story of how a Mormon kid with Tourette’s found salvation in books and weight lifting   Josh Hanagarne couldn’t be invisible if he tried. Although he wouldn't officially be diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome until his freshman year of high school, Josh was six years old when he first began exhibiting symptoms. When he was twenty and had reached his towering height of 6’7”, his tics escalated to nightmarish levels. Determined to conquer his affliction, Josh tried countless remedies, with dismal results. At last, an eccentric, autistic strongman taught Josh how to “throttle” his tics into submission using increasingly elaborate feats of strength. What started as a hobby became an entire way of life—and an effective way of managing his disorder.  Today, Josh is a librarian at Salt Lake City’s public library and founder of a popular blog about books and weight lifting—and the proud father of five-year-old Max. Funny and offbeat, traces this unlikely hero as he attempts to overcome his disability, find love, and create a life worth living.","Nonfiction, Memoir, Biography, Books About Books, Biography Memoir, Audiobook, Humor",1,Religious
"K., Ancrum",Murder of Crows,"Tig Torres investigates Hollow Falls' horrific history in this original novel based on the hit podcast Lethal Lit from Einhorn's Epic Productions and iHeartRadio!  Lethal Lit follows Tig Torres, a Cuban American teen detective, in her hometown of Hollow Falls. In season one of the hit podcast, Tig used her smarts and fearlessness to track down the infamous ""Lit Killer,"" a serial killer who staged his murders after death scenes from famous books. But there's no rest for courageous, mystery-solving teens in a place like Hollow Falls, and though the Lit Killer is now behind bars, his protégé, Tig's classmate and crush Oly, has disappeared!   And that's not the only game afoot. Tig has caught the attention of the town's local armchair detective group, the Murder of Crows. They're obsessed with Hollow Falls' dark past and fixated on a dangerous search for the missing body of the town's founder. There are rumors about what's buried with the body that could be life-changing for whoever finds it, and with a mission like that underway, it's not long before a member of the Murder of Crows turns up dead.   Tig, along with her friends Max and Wyn, steps in to help, but the stakes are getting higher and the hunt more deadly. Someone's willing to kill to keep the town's secrets buried, and if Tig's not careful, she'll be the Murder of Crows' next victim.  This original story takes place between Seasons 1 and 2 of the podcast, and features a brand-new, never-before-told story starring Tig Torres and her sleuthing friends!", "Young Adult, Mystery, LGBT, Contemporary, Mystery Thriller, Fiction, Thriller",1,Political
"Lauren, Myracle",The Infinite Moment of Us,"For as long as she can remember, Wren Gray’s goal has been to please her parents. But as high school graduation nears, so does an uncomfortable realization: Pleasing her parents once overlapped with pleasing herself, but now... not so much. Wren needs to honor her own desires, but how can she if she doesn’t even know what they are?  Charlie Parker, on the other hand, is painfully aware of his heart’s desire. A gentle boy with a troubled past, Charlie has loved Wren since the day he first saw her. But a girl like Wren would never fall for a guy like Charlie—at least not the sort of guy Charlie believes himself to be.  And yet certain things are written in the stars. And in the summer after high school, Wren and Charlie’s souls will collide. But souls are complicated, as are the bodies that house them...  Sexy, romantic, and oh-so-true to life, this is an unforgettable look at first love from one of young adult fiction’s greatest writers.","Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Banned Books, Teen",1,Political
"Sarah, Pinborough",13 Minutes,"They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart.  Natasha doesn't remember how she ended up in the icy water that night, but she does know this—it wasn't an accident, and she wasn't suicidal. Her two closest friends are acting strangely, and Natasha turns to Becca, the best friend she dumped years before when she got popular, to help her figure out what happened.  Natasha's sure that her friends love her. But does that mean they didn't try to kill her?","Young Adult, Mystery, Thriller, Fiction, Contemporary, Mystery Thriller, Crime",1,Offensive Language
"V.C., Andrews",If There Be Thorns,Book three in the series.,"Fiction, Horror, Young Adult, Romance, Gothic, Thriller, Drama",1,Offensive Language
"Brittney, Morris",Slay,"'We are different ages, genders and traditions ... but tonight we all SLAY' Black Panther meets Ready Player One. A fierce teen game developer battles a real-life troll intent on ruining the Black Panther-inspired video game she created and the safe community it represents for black gamers. By day, seventeen-year-old Kiera Johnson is a college student, and one of the only black kids at Jefferson Academy. By night, she joins hundreds of thousands of black gamers who duel worldwide in the secret online role-playing card game, SLAY. No one knows Kiera is the game developer - not even her boyfriend, Malcolm. But when a teen in Kansas City is murdered over a dispute in the SLAY world, the media labels it an exclusionist, racist hub for thugs.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Audiobook, Realistic Fiction, Science Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary",1,Political
"Sid, Jacobson",Anne Frank: The Anne Frank House Authorized Graphic Biography,Anne Frank( The Anne Frank House Authorized Graphic Biography) <> Paperback <> SidJacobson <> Hill&Wang,"Graphic Novels, Biography, Nonfiction, History, Holocaust, Comics, Historical",1,Religious
"John, Milton",Paradise Lost and Paradise Regained,"Milton's Paradise Lost is one of the greatest epic poems in the English language. It tells the story of the Fall of Man, a tale of immense drama and excitement, of rebellion and treachery, of innocence pitted against corruption, in which God and Satan fight a bitter battle for control of mankind's destiny. The struggle rages across three worlds - heaven, hell, and earth - as Satan and his band of rebel angels plot their revenge against God. At the center of the conflict are Adam and Eve, motivated by all too human temptations, but whose ultimate downfall is unyielding love.   Marked by Milton's characteristic erudition is a work epic both in scale and, notoriously, in ambition. For nearly 350 years it has held generation upon generation of scholars, students and readers in rapt attention and its profound influence can be seen in almost every corner of Western culture.","Classics, Poetry, Fiction, Literature, Religion, Philosophy, Fantasy",1,Religious
"Francesca Lia, Block",I Was a Teenage Fairy,"Maybe Mab was real. Maybe not. Maybe Mab was the fury. Maybe she was the courage. Maybe later on she was the sex . . .   A tiny fairy winging her way through the jasmine-scented L.A. night. A little girl caught in a grown-up glitz-and-glitter world of superstars and supermodels. A too beautiful boy with a secret he can never share . . .  From the author of comes a magical, mesmerizing tale of transformation. This is the story of Barbie Marks, who dreams of being the one behind the Cyclops eye of the camera, not the voiceless one in front of it; who longs to run away to New York City where she can be herself, not some barley flesh-and-blood version of the plastic doll she was named after. It is the story of Griffin Tyler, whose androgynous beauty hides the dark pain he holds inside. And finally it is the story of Mab, a pinkie-sized, magenta-haired, straight-talking fairy, who may or may not be real but who helps Barbie and Griffin uncover the strength beneath the pain, and who teaches that love—like a sparkling web of light spinning around our bodies and our souls—is what can heal even the deepest scars.","Young Adult, Fantasy, Fiction, Magical Realism, Urban Fantasy, Romance, Teen",1,Political
"Alok, Vaid-Menon",Beyond the Gender Binary,"Beyond the Gender Binary, spoken word poet Alok Vaid-Menon challenges the world to see gender not in black and white, but in full color. Taking from their own experiences as a gender-nonconforming artist, they show us that gender is a malleable and creative form of expression. The only limit is your imagination.","Nonfiction, LGBT, Queer, Gender, Feminism, Audiobook, Memoir",1,Political
"Kim Hyun, Sook",Banned Book Club,"When Kim Hyun Sook started college in 1983 she was ready for her world to open up. After acing her exams and sort-of convincing her traditional mother that it was a good idea for a woman to go to college, she looked forward to soaking up the ideas of Western Literature far from the drudgery she was promised at her family’s restaurant. But literature class would prove to be just the start of a massive turning point, still focused on reading but with life-or-death stakes she never could have imagined.  This was during South Korea's Fifth Republic, a military regime that entrenched its power through censorship, torture, and the murder of protestors. In this charged political climate, with Molotov cocktails flying and fellow students disappearing for hours and returning with bruises, Hyun Sook sought refuge in the comfort of books. When the handsome young editor of the school newspaper invited her to his reading group, she expected to pop into the cafeteria to talk about , , and . Instead she found herself hiding in a basement as the youngest member of an underground banned book club. And as Hyun Sook soon discovered, in a totalitarian regime, the delights of discovering great works of illicit literature are quickly overshadowed by fear and violence as the walls close in.  In , Hyun Sook shares a dramatic true story of political division, fear-mongering, anti-intellectualism, the death of democratic institutions, and the relentless rebellion of reading.","Graphic Novels, Nonfiction, Memoir, History, Historical, Biography, Politics",1,Political
"Tommy, Wallach",We All Looked Up,"Before the asteroid we let ourselves be defined by labels: The athlete, the outcast, the slacker, the overachiever.  But then we all looked up and everything changed.  They said it would be here in two months. That gave us two months to leave our labels behind. Two months to become something bigger than what we'd been, something that would last even after the end.  Two months to really live.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Science Fiction, Romance, Dystopia, Realistic Fiction",1,Religious
"Jack Henry, Abbott",In the Belly of the Beast: Letters From Prison,"This book collects Abbott's correspondence from prison with Norman Mailer, who provides an introduction. Abbott was a convict who had served the bulk of his life in various prisons across the country. The book is a lauded entry in the repertoire of prison literature.","Nonfiction, Biography, True Crime, Crime, Memoir, Psychology, Biography Memoir",1,Offensive Language
"Anthony, Allison",Hear These Voices: Youth at the Edge of the Millennium,"Eight remarkable interviews with teenagers aged 10 to 19 who live at risk of violence, illness, and abuse expose how children cope with their present surroundings, and how, with positive intervention from local grass-roots organizations, they have hope for the future.","Banned Books, Nonfiction",1,Offensive Language
"Robin, Bridges",Dreaming of Antigone,"Every star has its own path…  “I can’t ever be the blazing star that Iris was. I’m still just a cold, dark satellite orbiting a star that went super nova.”   Andria’s twin sister, Iris, had adoring friends, a cool boyfriend, a wicked car, and a shelf full of soccer trophies. She had everything, in fact—including a drug problem. Six months after Iris’s death, Andria is trying to keep her grades, her friends, and her family from falling apart. But stargazing and books aren’t enough to ward off her guilt that she—the freak with the scary illness and all-black wardrobe—is still here when Iris isn’t. And then there’s Alex Hammond. The boy Andria blames for Iris’s death. The boy she’s unwittingly started swapping lines of poetry and secrets with, even as she tries to keep hating him.   Heartwrenching, smart, and bold, is a story about the jagged pieces that lie beneath the surface of the most seemingly perfect life…and how they can fit together to make something wholly unexpected.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Abuse, Realistic Fiction, Poetry, Death",1,Religious
"Stephanie, Perkins",Anna and the French Kiss,"Anna is looking forward to her senior year in Atlanta, where she has a great job, a loyal best friend, and a crush on the verge of becoming more. Which is why she is less than thrilled about being shipped off to boarding school in Paris--until she meets Étienne St. Clair. Smart, charming, beautiful, Étienne has it all...including a serious girlfriend.  But in the City of Light, wishes have a way of coming true. Will a year of romantic near-misses end with their long-awaited French kiss?","Romance, Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Chick Lit, Realistic Fiction, Contemporary Romance",1,Religious
"Geoff, Tibbals",Ripley's Believe It or Not!: Shatter Your Senses!,"Shatter Your Senses! is the 2018 edition of the bestselling annual series by Ripley’s Believe It or Not! There’s no way to prepare yourself for this all-true, all-new collection filled with incredible facts, unbelievable stories, and mind-blowing photography. A sensory overload, Shatter Your Senses! is sure to amaze and astound children and adults alike.  Ripley’s Believe It or Not! Shatter Your Senses! is filled with thousands of strange stories, bizarre feats, and hair-raising oddities from around the world. Discover the sport of underwater ice hockey or marvel at the flower that bloomed in space—it’s all weird and all true! Bursting with vibrant and eye-catching photos, as well as submissions from our dedicated readers, this book is a must-have for every Ripley’s fan.","Nonfiction, Trivia",1,Offensive Language
"Amy, Ignatow",The Awesomely Awful Melodies of Lydia Goldblatt and Julie Graham-Chang,"Fresh off their epic summer road trip, Lydia and Julie are back and ready to take seventh grade by storm. Well, Lydia She wants to start a band, and she’s convinced Julie to join her. The Macramé Owls are joined by Roland (expert at the hardingfele ) and Jane (expert at drama). None of them, unfortunately, are experts at rocking out. The band needs more practice, but instead Lydia and Julie find themselves riding an unexpected wave of popularity to their own belated birthday party. The girls may have accidentally stumbled upon the secret to popularity―if only the secret weren’t so completely humiliating. Hilarious, observant, and honest, this installment of the series has all of Amy Ignatow’s signature charm, while bringing our beloved heroines to a new turning point in their lives.  Praise for The Popularity Book Five ""Ignatow’s illustrations (attributed to Julie), humorous comments, and the story’s sticky situations make this a gregarious addition to the series."" ― Booklist","Middle Grade, Graphic Novels, Childrens, Humor, Realistic Fiction, Juvenile, Graphic Novels Comics",1,Offensive Language
"Stephen, King",The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon,"On a six-mile hike on the Maine-New Hampshire branch of the Appalachian Trail, nine-year-old Trisha McFarland quickly tires of the constant bickering between her older brother, Pete, and her recently divorced mother. But when she wanders off by herself and then tries to catch up by attempting a shortcut, she becomes lost in a wilderness maze full of peril and terror.  As night falls, Trisha has only her ingenuity as a defense against the elements, and only her courage and faith to withstand her mounting fears. For solace, she tunes her Walkman to broadcasts of Boston Red Sox baseball games and follows the gritty performances of her hero, relief pitcher Tom Gordon. And when her radio's reception begins to fade, Trisha imagines that Tom Gordon is with her - protecting her from an all-too-real enemy who has left a trail of slaughtered animals and mangled trees in the dense, dark woods...","Horror, Fiction, Thriller, Suspense, Mystery, Fantasy, Audiobook",1,Offensive Language
"Lincoln, Peirce",Big Nate: A Good Old-Fashioned Wedgie,"Now an animated series with Paramount+ and Nickelodeon!  Join the unstoppable Big Nate for another round of middle school adventures! From homework and hygiene to hilarious hiijnks—no one quite does sixth grade like Nate and his friends.  Need a way to shut up some snooty kid when he gloats about his private school? Looking for the perfect response when your best friend joins the grammar police? Want a quick and easy way to out-snap even the snappiest comeback? Nate Wright has the a good old-fashioned wedgie!  The whole gang from P.S. 38 is back for more hijinks, hilarity, and underwear hoisting in this new collection of Big Nate comics. Can Chad somehow survive on a diet of kale and soy nuts? Are Jenny and Artur EVER going to break up? And how is Nate supposed to concentrate on baseball when he’s got a crush on his team’s new pitcher? See for yourself! Join Nate and the rest of the crew for another unforgettable round of middle school adventures!","Graphic Novels, Humor, Childrens, Comics, Fiction, Middle Grade, Juvenile",1,Religious
"John M., Cusick",Cherry Money Baby,"Hollywood glitz collides with workingclass aspirations in this satirical tale of an impulsive starlet and a sharp-witted small-town teen.  Cherry Kerrigan loves her simple life, her family’s tiny trailer, even working at Burrito Barn. Forget college — she’s marrying her sweetheart from next door. But here comes Ardelia Deen, a glamorous starlet who sweeps Cherry into a world of fast cars and penthouse parties. Now Cherry’s small-town life just seems so . . . small. When Ardelia drops a bomb of an offer — one involving a baby — Cherry knows her life will change forever, no matter what she decides.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Coming Of Age, Chick Lit",1,Offensive Language
"Stephen, King",Dreamcatcher,"In Derry, Maine, four young boys once stood together and did a brave thing. Something that changed them in ways they hardly understand.  A quarter of a century later, the boys are men who have gone their separate ways. Though they still get together once a year, to go hunting in the north woods of Maine. But this time is different. This time a man comes stumbling into their camp, lost, disoriented and muttering about lights in the sky.  Before long, these old friends will be plunged into the most remarkable events of their lives as they struggle with a terrible creature from another world. Their only chance of survival is locked in their shared past - and in the Dreamcatcher.","Horror, Fiction, Science Fiction, Thriller, Fantasy, Aliens, Supernatural",1,Offensive Language
"Nicky, Silver",The Food Chain (Play),"Amanda, an anorexic poet of some pretensions, has been married for three weeks, but her husband, Ford, has been missing for two. She calls a crisis hot line and reaches Bea, a volunteer. Bea's answer to Amanda's problems is to diminish them by complaining about her own deceased husband's inattentiveness, her son's embarrassing nature, and also to dispense hilarious (but useless) advice. Just as Amanda nears her wit's end, Ford walks in so she simply hangs up on Bea. Meanwhile, across town, Serge, a completely vain runway model, paces as he waits for the arrival of his latest paramour. He is intruded upon by a former one-night stand, Otto, who worships him and who tips the scales at about three hundred pounds. Otto tortures, harangues and cajoles Serge while swilling Yoo-hoo, eating junk food and taking phone calls from his mother until Serge can take no more. Serge explodes but is interrupted by a phone call his new lover will not be coming. This leaves Serge and Otto in the same state: Both are now victims of fickle romance. The scene shifts back to Amanda's at the crack of dawn. Serge is banging on the door, looking for his lover, surprising Amanda. It was with Serge that Ford had spent his lost two honeymoon weeks. Having followed Serge, it isn't long until Otto shows up, with breakfast, threatening suicide. Next to arrive is Bea, furious at Amanda for hanging up on her as Bea does not tolerate rudeness. As riotous chaos builds, we learn that Bea is Otto's mother, that Otto and Amanda are old school friends, that Serge will settle for both Amanda and Ford and that Ford has absolutely nothing to say. Bea takes charge and offers a solution. Although short on practicality, it is longon pleasure.","Plays, Theatre, Drama",1,Offensive Language
"Stephen, King",The Waste Lands,"Several months have passed, and Roland’s two new tet-mates have become proficient gunslingers. Eddie Dean has given up heroin, and Odetta’s two selves have joined, becoming the stronger and more balanced personality of Susannah Dean. But while battling The Pusher in 1977 New York, Roland altered ka by saving the life of Jake Chambers, a boy who—in Roland’s where and when—has already died. Now Roland and Jake exist in different worlds, but they are joined by the same madness: the paradox of double memories. Roland, Susannah, and Eddie must draw Jake into Mid-World then follow the Path of the Beam all the way to the Dark Tower. But nothing is easy in Mid-World. Along the way our tet stumbles into the ruined city of Lud, and are caught between the warring gangs of the Pubes and the Grays. The only way out of Lud is to wake Blaine the Mono, an insane train that has a passion for riddling, and for suicidal journeys.","Fantasy, Fiction, Horror, Science Fiction, Audiobook, Adventure, Westerns",1,Offensive Language
"Maya, Angelou",Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas,"In this third self-contained volume of her autobiography, which began with I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, Maya Angelou moves into the adult world, and the white world as well, as she marries, enters show business, and tours Europe and Africa in Porgy and Bess.  As the book opens, Maya, in order to support herself and her young son, gets a job in a record shop run by a white woman. Suspicious of almost any kindness shown her, she is particularly confused by the special attentions of a young white customer. Soon the relationship grows into love and then marriage, and Maya believes a permanent relationship is finally possible. But it is not to be, and she is again forced to look for work.  This time she finds a job as a dancer in a sleazy San Francisco bar. Her remarkable talent, however, soon brings her attention of a different kind, and before long she is singing in one of the most popular nightclubs on the coast. From there, she is called to New York to join the cast of Porgy and Bess, which is just about to begin another tour abroad.  The troupe's joyous and dramatic adventure through Italy, France, Greece, Yugoslavia, and Egypt becomes the centerpiece of Singin' and Swingin'. This remarkable portrayal of one of the most exciting and talented casts ever put together, and of the encounters between these larger-than-life personalities and audiences who had rarely seen black people before, makes a hilarious and poignant story. The excitement of the journey -- full of camaraderie, love affairs, and memorable personalities -- is dampened only by Maya's nagging guilt that she has once again abandoned the person she loves most in life, her son.","Nonfiction, Memoir, Biography, Autobiography, Biography Memoir, African American, Classics",1,Religious
"Janet Nichols, Lynch",Messed Up,"A fifteen-year-old Mexican American has experienced a series of tough breaks before finding himself completely on his own. He decides to try to keep his lack of a home a secret from his school while working hard and staying out of trouble.", "Young Adult, Realistic Fiction, Teen, Fiction, Urban, Drama, Survival",1,Religious
"Julie, Murphy",Ramona Blue,"Ramona was only five years old when Hurricane Katrina changed her life forever.  Since then, it’s been Ramona and her family against the world. Standing over six feet tall with unmistakable blue hair, Ramona is sure of three things: she likes girls, she’s fiercely devoted to her family, and she knows she’s destined for something bigger than the trailer she calls home in Eulogy, Mississippi. But juggling multiple jobs, her flaky mom, and her well-meaning but ineffectual dad forces her to be the adult of the family. Now, with her sister, Hattie, pregnant, responsibility weighs more heavily than ever.  The return of her childhood friend Freddie brings a welcome distraction. Ramona’s friendship with the former competitive swimmer picks up exactly where it left off, and soon he’s talked her into joining him for laps at the pool. But as Ramona falls in love with swimming, her feelings for Freddie begin to shift too, which is the last thing she expected. With her growing affection for Freddie making her question her sexual identity, Ramona begins to wonder if perhaps she likes girls and guys or if this new attraction is just a fluke. Either way, Ramona will discover that, for her, life and love are more fluid than they seem.","Young Adult, LGBT, Contemporary, Romance, Queer, Fiction, Audiobook",1,Religious
"Orson Scott, Card",Shadow of the Hegemon,"The War is over, won by Ender Wiggin and his team of brilliant child-warriors. The enemy is destroyed, the human race is saved. Ender himself refuses to return to the planet, but his crew has gone home to their families, scattered across the globe. The battle school is no more.  But with the external threat gone, the Earth has become a battlefield once more. The children of the Battle School are more than heroes; they are potential weapons that can bring power to the countries that control them. One by one, all of Ender's Dragon Army are kidnapped. Only Bean escapes; and he turns for help to Ender's brother Peter.  Peter Wiggin, Ender's older brother, has already been manipulating the politics of Earth from behind the scenes. With Bean's help, he will eventually rule the world.","Science Fiction, Fiction, Science Fiction Fantasy, Fantasy, Young Adult, Audiobook, Adventure",1,Religious
"Diana, Gabaldon",Written in My Own Heart's Blood,"It is June 1778, and the world seems to be turning upside-down. The British Army is withdrawing from Philadelphia, with George Washington in pursuit, and for the first time, it looks as if the rebels might actually win. But for Claire Fraser and her family, there are even more tumultuous revolutions that have to be accommodated.Her former husband, Jamie, has returned from the dead, demanding to know why in his absence she married his best friend, Lord John Grey. Lord John's son, the ninth Earl of Ellesmere, is no less shocked to discover that his real father is actually the newly resurrected Jamie Fraser, and Jamie's nephew Ian Murray discovers that his new-found cousin has an eye for the woman who has just agreed to marry him. And while Claire is terrified that one of her husbands may be about to murder the other, in the 20th century her descendants face even more desperate turns of events. Her daughter Brianna is trying to protect her son from a vicious criminal with murder on his mind, while her husband Roger has disappeared into the past . . .","Historical Fiction, Romance, Fiction, Fantasy, Time Travel, Historical, Historical Romance",1,Religious
"Maya, Angelou",I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings,"Maya Angelou’s debut memoir is a modern American classic beloved worldwide. Her life story is told in the documentary film And Still I Rise, as seen on PBS’s American Masters.  Here is a book as joyous and painful, as mysterious and memorable, as childhood itself. I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings captures the longing of lonely children, the brute insult of bigotry, and the wonder of words that can make the world right. Maya Angelou’s debut memoir is a modern American classic beloved worldwide.  Sent by their mother to live with their devout, self-sufficient grandmother in a small Southern town, Maya and her brother, Bailey, endure the ache of abandonment and the prejudice of the local “powhitetrash.” At eight years old and back at her mother’s side in St. Louis, Maya is attacked by a man many times her age—and has to live with the consequences for a lifetime. Years later, in San Francisco, Maya learns that love for herself, the kindness of others, her own strong spirit, and the ideas of great authors (“I met and fell in love with William Shakespeare”) will allow her to be free instead of imprisoned.  Poetic and powerful, will touch hearts and change minds for as long as people read.","Nonfiction, Classics, Memoir, Biography, Autobiography, Poetry, Feminism",1,Religious
"Susan Campbell, Bartoletti",They Called Themselves The K.K.K.: The Birth of an American Terrorist Group,"""Boys, let us get up a club."" With those words, six restless young men raided the linens at a friend’s mansion in 1866. They pulled white sheets over their heads, hopped on horses, and cavorted through the streets of Pulaski, Tennessee. Soon, the six friends named their club the Ku Klux Klan and began patterning their initiations after fraternity rites, with passwords and mysterious handshakes. All too quickly, this club would grow into the self-proclaimed “Invisible Empire,” with secret dens spread across the South. On their brutal raids, the nightriders would claim to be ghosts of Confederate soldiers and would use psychological and physical terror against former slaves who dared to vote, own land, attend school, or worship as they pleased.  This is the story of how a secret terrorist group took root in America’s democracy. Filled with chilling and vivid personal accounts unearthed from oral histories, congressional documents, and other primary sources, this is a book to read and remember.","Nonfiction, History, American History, Historical, Teen, Race, African American",1,Political
"E. L., James",Fifty Shades of Grey,"When literature student Anastasia Steele is drafted to interview the successful young entrepreneur Christian Grey for her campus magazine, she finds him attractive, enigmatic and intimidating. Convinced their meeting went badly, she tries to put Grey out of her mind - until he happens to turn up at the out-of-town hardware store where she works part-time.  The unworldly, innocent Ana is shocked to realize she wants this man, and when he warns her to keep her distance it only makes her more desperate to get close to him. Unable to resist Ana’s quiet beauty, wit, and independent spirit, Grey admits he wants her - but on his own terms.  Shocked yet thrilled by Grey's singular erotic tastes, Ana hesitates. For all the trappings of success – his multinational businesses, his vast wealth, his loving adoptive family – Grey is man tormented by demons and consumed by the need to control. When the couple embarks on a passionate, physical and daring affair, Ana learns more about her own dark desires, as well as the Christian Grey hidden away from public scrutiny.  Can their relationship transcend physical passion? Will Ana find it in herself to submit to the self-indulgent Master? And if she does, will she still love what she finds?  Erotic, amusing, and deeply moving, the Fifty Shades Trilogy is a tale that will obsess you, possess you, and stay with you forever.","Fiction, Erotica, BDSM, Adult, Contemporary, Contemporary Romance, Chick Lit",1,Offensive Language
"Kylie, Schachte",You're Next,"When a girl with a troubled history of finding dead bodies investigates the murder of her ex, she uncovers a plot to put herself---and everyone she loves---on the list of who's next.  Flora Calhoun has a reputation for sticking her nose where it doesn't belong. After stumbling upon a classmate's body years ago, the trauma of that discovery and the police's failure to find the killer has haunted her ever since. One night, she gets a midnight text from Ava McQueen, the beautiful girl who had ignited Flora's heart last summer, then never spoke to her again.  Just in time to witness Ava's death from a gunshot wound, Flora is set on a path of rage and vengeance for all the dead girls whose killer is never found. Her tunnel-visioned sleuthing leads to valuable clues about a shocking conspiracy involving her school and beyond, but also earns her sinister threats from the murderer. She has a choice---to give up the hunt for answers, or keep digging and risk her loved ones' lives. Either way, Flora will regret the consequences. Who's next on the killer's list?","Mystery, Young Adult, Thriller, LGBT, Mystery Thriller, Contemporary, Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Scarlett, St. Clair",King of Battle and Blood,"Their Union Is His Revenge.  Isolde de Lara considers her wedding day her death day. To end a years-long war, she is to marry vampire king, Adrian Aleksandr Vasiliev, and kill him.  But her assassination attempt is thwarted and Adrian threatens that if Isolde tries to kill him again, he will raise her as the undead. Faced with the possibility of becoming the thing she hates most, Isolde seeks other ways to defy him and survive the brutal vampire court.  Except it isn’t the court she fears most — it’s Adrian. Despite their undeniable chemistry, she wonders why the king — fierce, savage, merciless — chose her as consort.  The answer will shatter her world.","Fantasy, Vampires, Fantasy Romance, Romantasy, Enemies To Lovers, Paranormal, Adult",1,Offensive Language
"Sara, Shepard",Flawless,"In the exclusive town of Rosewood, Pennsylvania, where the sweetest smiles hide the darkest secrets, four pretty little liars--Spencer, Aria, Emily, and Hanna--have been very bad girls. . . .  Spencer stole her sister's boyfriend. Aria is brokenhearted over her English teacher. Emily likes her new friend Maya . . . as much more than a friend. And Hanna's obsession with looking flawless is literally making her sick. But the most horrible secret of all is something so scandalous it could destroy their perfect little lives.  And someone named ""A"" is threatening to do just that.  At first they thought A was Alison, their friend who vanished three years ago . . . but then Alison turned up dead. So could A be Melissa, Spencer's ultracompetitive sister? Or Maya, who wants Emily all to herself? What about Toby, the mysterious guy who left town right after Alison went missing?  One thing's for certain: A's got the dirt to bury them all alive, and with every crumpled note, wicked IM, and vindictive text message A sends, the girls get a little closer to losing it all.","Young Adult, Mystery, Fiction, Contemporary, Romance, Chick Lit, Thriller",1,Offensive Language
"Leah, Scheier",The Last Words We Said,"Nine months ago, Danny disappeared and everything changed for his friends. Rae’s pouring herself into rage-baking. Deenie's deepening her commitment to Orthodox Judaism. And Ellie—Danny’s best friend and girlfriend—is the only one who doesn’t believe he’s dead.  Because she still sees him.  Moving back and forth between past and present, the story of Ellie and Danny unspools, from their serendipitous meeting to Danny and Ellie falling for each other. In the past, they were the perfect couple—until it all went wrong. In the present, Ellie’s looking for answers. Her friends are worried about her mental health, but Ellie’s certain that the tragedy that’s rocked their modern Orthodox community isn’t as simple as they all believe. She’s determined to uncover the truth about what happened to the love of her life. But to do that, she’ll have to be more honest with herself.","Memoir, Nonfiction, Biography, Autobiography, Biography Memoir, Essays, Womens",1,Religious
"Tammar, Stein",Light Years,"He went to school to learn how to kill me. The Israeli girl who ruined his life. Seven people were killed instead. A single mother of two. A computer programmer. Two college students. A grandmother and her four-year-old grandson sharing an ice cream. And Dov, my boyfriend, my heart, the man I wanted to marry, who was there waiting for me.  Maya leaves Israel to study astronomy at the University of Virginia, running from the violence, guilt, and memories of her past. As the narrative switches between Virginia and Israel, we learn about Maya’s life as a soldier, her ambiguous devotion to Israel, and her love for her boyfriend, Dov, who is tragically killed in a suicide bombing. Now, in Virginia, amid the day-to-day pressures of classes, roommates, and fraternity parties, Maya attempts to reconcile her Israeli past with her American future.","Young Adult, Israel, Fiction, Teen, Realistic Fiction, Adult, War",1,Political
"Michael, Crichton",Micro,"In the vein of Jurassic Park, this high-concept thriller follows a group of graduate students lured to Hawaii to work for a mysterious biotech company—only to find themselves cast out into the rain forest, with nothing but their scientific expertise and wits to protect them.  In the lush forests of Oahu, groundbreaking technology has ushered in a revolutionary era of biological prospecting, feeding a search for priceless drugs and applications on a scale beyond anything previously imagined. In Cambridge, Massachusetts, seven graduate students at the forefront of their fields are recruited by a pioneering microbiology start-up, Nanigen MicroTechnologies, which dispatches the group to a mysterious lab in Hawaii. But once in the rainforest, the scientists are thrust into a hostile wilderness that reveals surprising dangers at every turn. Armed only with their knowledge of the natural world, they find themselves prey to a technology of radical and unbridled power  An instant classic, pits nature against technology in vintage Michael Crichton fashion. Completed by visionary science writer Richard Preston, this boundary-pushing thriller melds scientific fact with pulse-pounding fiction to create yet another masterpiece of sophisticated, cutting-edge entertainment.","Science Fiction, Fiction, Thriller, Adventure, Mystery, Audiobook, Horror",1,Political
"Maya, Angelou",Now Sheba Sings the Song,"From a Caldecott Honor Book artist and a bestselling author comes a paean to today's black woman for all the world to sing. 84 two-color halftones.", "Poetry, Art, African American, Nonfiction",1,Religious
"Keith, Richards",Life,"With the Rolling Stones, Keith Richards created the riffs, the lyrics and the songs that roused the world, and over four decades he lived the original rock and roll taking the chances he wanted, speaking his mind, and making it all work in a way that no one before him had ever done. Now, at last, the man himself tells us the story of life in the crossfire hurricane. And what a life. Listening obsessively to Chuck Berry and Muddy Waters records as a child in post-war Kent. Learning guitar and forming a band with Mick Jagger and Brian Jones. The Rolling Stones' first fame and success as a bad-boy band. The notorious Redlands drug bust and subsequent series of confrontations with a nervous establishment that led to his enduring image as outlaw and folk hero. Creating immortal riffs such as the ones in 'Jumping Jack Flash' and 'Street Fighting Man' and 'Honky Tonk Women'. Falling in love with Anita Pallenberg and the death of Brian Jones. Tax exile in France, wildfire tours of the US, 'Exile on Main Street' and 'Some Girls'. Ever increasing fame, isolation and addiction. Falling in love with Patti Hansen. Estrangement from Mick Jagger and subsequent reconciliation. Solo albums and performances with his band the Xpensive Winos. Marriage, family and the road that goes on for ever. In a voice that is uniquely and intimately his own, with the disarming honesty that has always been his trademark, Keith Richards brings us the essential life story of our times.","Music, Biography, Nonfiction, Memoir, Autobiography, Audiobook, Biography Memoir",1,Cultural
"Jacqueline, Woodson",Red at the Bone,"Moving forward and backward in time, Jacqueline Woodson's taut and powerful new novel uncovers the role that history and community have played in the experiences, decisions, and relationships of these families, and in the life of the new child.  As the book opens in 2001, it is the evening of sixteen-year-old Melody's coming of age ceremony in her grandparents' Brooklyn brownstone. Watched lovingly by her relatives and friends, making her entrance to the music of Prince, she wears a special custom-made dress. But the event is not without poignancy. Sixteen years earlier, that very dress was measured and sewn for a different wearer: Melody's mother, for her own ceremony-- a celebration that ultimately never took place.  Unfurling the history of Melody's parents and grandparents to show how they all arrived at this moment, Woodson considers not just their ambitions and successes but also the costs, the tolls they've paid for striving to overcome expectations and escape the pull of history. As it explores sexual desire and identity, ambition, gentrification, education, class and status, and the life-altering facts of parenthood, most strikingly looks at the ways in which young people must so often make long-lasting decisions about their lives--even before they have begun to figure out who they are and what they want to be.","Fiction, Historical Fiction, Audiobook, Contemporary, Literary Fiction, Adult, LGBT",1,Cultural
"Marsha Forchuk, Skyrpuch",Stolen Girl,"Nadia is haunted by World War II. Her memories of the war are messy, coming back to her in pieces and flashes she can't control. Though her adoptive mother says they are safe now, Nadia's flashbacks keep coming.  Sometimes she remembers running, hunger, and isolation. But other times she remembers living with a German family, and attending big rallies where she was praised for her light hair and blue eyes. The puzzle pieces don't quite fit together, and Nadia is scared by what might be true. Could she have been raised by Nazis? Were they her real family? What part did she play in the war?  What Nadia finally discovers about her own history will shock her. But only when she understands the past can she truly face her future.  Inspired by startling true events, Marsha Forchuk Skyrpuch delivers a gripping and poignant story of one girl's determination to uncover her truth.","Historical Fiction, Middle Grade, Historical, Young Adult, Fiction, World War II, War",1,Political
"Mason, Deaver",The Feeling of Falling in Love,"From the bestselling author of I Wish You All the Best, comes a new kind of love story, about the bad decisions we sometimes make... and the people who help get us back on the right path.  Perfect for fans of Red, White, and Royal Blue by Casey McQuiston and What If It's Us by Adam Silvera and Becky Albertalli.  Just days before spring break, Neil Kearney is set to fly across the country with his childhood friend (and current friend-with-benefits) Josh, to attend his brother's wedding—until Josh tells Neil that he's in love with him and Neil doesn't return the sentiment.  With Josh still attending the wedding, Neil needs to find a new date to bring along. And, almost against his will, roommate Wyatt is drafted.  At first, Wyatt (correctly) thinks Neil is acting like a jerk. But when they get to LA, Wyatt sees a little more of where it's coming from. Slowly, Neil and Wyatt begin to understand one another… and maybe, just maybe, fall in love for the first time…","Romance, LGBT, Queer, Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Transgender",1,Religious
"Jack, Kerouac",The Dharma Bums,"Two ebullient young men search for Truth the Zen way: from marathon wine-drinking bouts, poetry jam sessions, and ""yabyum"" in San Francisco's Bohemia, to solitude in the high Sierras and a vigil atop Desolation Peak in Washington State. Published just a year after On the Road put the Beat Generation on the map, The Dharma Bums is sparked by Kerouac's expansiveness, humor, and a contagious zest for life.","Fiction, Classics, Literature, Novels, Travel, Philosophy, American",1,Cultural
"Amy, Reed",The Nowhere Girls,"Three misfits come together to avenge the rape of a fellow classmate and in the process trigger a change in the misogynist culture at their high school transforming the lives of everyone around them.  Who are the Nowhere Girls?  They’re everygirl. But they start with just three:  Grace Salter is the new girl in town, whose family was run out of their former community after her southern Baptist preacher mom turned into a radical liberal after falling off a horse and bumping her head.  Rosina Suarez is the queer punk girl in a conservative Mexican immigrant family, who dreams of a life playing music instead of babysitting her gaggle of cousins and waitressing at her uncle’s restaurant.  Erin Delillo is obsessed with two things: marine biology and , but they aren’t enough to distract her from her suspicion that she may in fact be an android.  When Grace learns that Lucy Moynihan, the former occupant of her new home, was run out of town for having accused the popular guys at school of gang rape, she’s incensed that Lucy never had justice. For their own personal reasons, Rosina and Erin feel equally deeply about Lucy’s tragedy, so they form an anonymous group of girls at Prescott High to resist the sexist culture at their school, which includes boycotting sex of any kind with the male students.  Told in alternating perspectives, this groundbreaking novel is an indictment of rape culture and explores with bold honesty the deepest questions about teen girls and sexuality.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Feminism, LGBT, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary",1,Political
"Colin P., Clarke",Terrorism Inc.: The Financing of Terrorism Insurgency and Irregular Warfare,"This in-depth, historical analysis of terrorism investigates the major funding streams of terrorists, insurgents, guerrillas, warlords, militias, and criminal organizations throughout the world as well as the efforts of the international community to thwart their efforts.  Terrorist financing is an ongoing game of creating, concealing, and surreptitiously utilizing funds. This intriguing book considers every facet of guerrilla funding―from how activities are financed, to what insurgents do with the revenue they generate, to the range of countermeasures in place for deterring their moneymaking activities. Case studies prompt an analysis of past government responses and inform recommendations for countering irregular warfare worldwide.  Author Colin P. Clarke presents the business side of terrorism, taking a look at the cash-producing ventures he labels ""gray activities"" such as diaspora support, charities, fraudulent businesses, front companies, and money laundering as well as ""dark activities"" including kidnapping for ransom, robbery, smuggling, trafficking, and extortion. He considers the transnational efforts to stop terrorist activities―from wiretaps and electronic surveillance to financial sanctions and the freezing of funds and accounts―and points to the emergence of interagency task forces for detaining and destroying the operations of major criminal organizations across the globe.","Nonfiction",1,Political
"Louise, Rennison",Are These My Basoomas I See Before Me: Fab Final Confessions of Georgia Nicolson,"Ohmygiddygodspyjamas! The tenth marvy book in the Confessions of Georgia Nicolson is here! Get ready to laugh like a loon on loon tablets. It's the FINAL instalment of Georgia's fab and hilarious diary! Does Georgia escape the cakeshop of luuurve? Can there be more heartbreaknosity in store? Will the Sex God pop up again unexpectedly (oo-er)! And what about the supreme accidental snogmaster Dave the Laugh? Will she FINALLY choose her only one and only? So many boys, so little time!","Young Adult, Romance, Humor, Fiction, Contemporary, Chick Lit, Teen",1,Religious
"Sabina, Khan",The Love and Lies of Rukhsana Ali,"Seventeen-year-old Rukhsana Ali tries her hardest to live up to her conservative Muslim parents’ expectations, but lately she’s finding that harder and harder to do. She rolls her eyes instead of screaming when they blatantly favor her brother and she dresses conservatively at home, saving her crop tops and makeup for parties her parents don’t know about. Luckily, only a few more months stand between her carefully monitored life in Seattle and her new life at Caltech, where she can pursue her dream of becoming an engineer.  But when her parents catch her kissing her girlfriend Ariana, all of Rukhsana’s plans fall apart. Her parents are devastated; being gay may as well be a death sentence in the Bengali community. They immediately whisk Rukhsana off to Bangladesh, where she is thrown headfirst into a world of arranged marriages and tradition. Only through reading her grandmother’s old diary is Rukhsana able to gain some much needed perspective.  Rukhsana realizes she must find the courage to fight for her love, but can she do so without losing everyone and everything in her life?","Young Adult, LGBT, Contemporary, Queer, Romance, Fiction, Lesbian",1,Religious
"Gillian, Flynn",The Grownup,"A canny young woman is struggling to survive by perpetrating various levels of mostly harmless fraud. On a rainy April morning, she is reading auras at Spiritual Palms when Susan Burke walks in. A keen observer of human behavior, our unnamed narrator immediately diagnoses beautiful, rich Susan as an unhappy woman eager to give her lovely life a drama injection. However, when the ""psychic"" visits the eerie Victorian home that has been the source of Susan's terror and grief, she realizes she may not have to pretend to believe in ghosts anymore. Miles, Susan's teenage stepson, doesn't help matters with his disturbing manner and grisly imagination. The three are soon locked in a chilling battle to discover where the evil truly lurks and what, if anything, can be done to escape it.  “The Grownup,” originally appeared as “What Do You Do?” in George R. R. Martin’s Rogues anthology.","Short Stories, Fiction, Horror, Thriller, Mystery, Mystery Thriller, Audiobook",1,Offensive Language
"Sam, Moussavi",Hoop City: Chicago,"When Serge is recruited from the Sudan to come play basketball at a high profile prep school in Chicago, there are bigger obstacles than culture shock to contend with. His teammates are skeptical of his skills and do not fully bring him into their circle. Plus, the thoughts of Serge's father and older brother being killed by rebels back in the Sudan, consume him. Will Serge be able to put his past behind him and make something of his life in America through basketball?","Sports, Young Adult, Realistic Fiction",1,Cultural
"James, Nelson",On the Volcano,"Katie and her widowed father have always lived on their own, high up in a place few intruders would dare alongside the crater of a collapsed volcano. They've built a simple but happy life for themselves, far from the frontier perils of the world below—until a long-promised birthday trip to the rough-and-tumble town of Badwater takes an ugly turn and brings the outside world much too close. With it comes grave danger and unimaginable loss, but also something Katie had barely dreamed possible for a heart-pounding but tender romance, the kind to build a life on.","Historical Fiction, Young Adult, Westerns, Survival, Coming Of Age, Historical",1,Cultural
"Tatiana, de Rosnay",A Secret Kept,"This stunning novel from Tatiana de Rosnay, author of the acclaimed New York Times bestseller Sarah's Key, plumbs the depths of complex family relationships and the power of a past secret to change everything in the present.  It all began with a simple seaside vacation, a brother and sister recapturing their childhood. Antoine Rey thought he had the perfect surprise for his sister Mélanie's birthday: a weekend by the sea at Noirmoutier Island, where the pair spent many happy childhood summers playing on the beach. It had been too long, Antoine thought, since they'd returned to the island - over thirty years, since their mother died and the family holidays ceased. But the island's haunting beauty triggers more than happy memories; it reminds Mélanie of something unexpected and deeply disturbing about their last island summer. When, on the drive home to Paris, she finally summons the courage to reveal what she knows to Antoine, her emotions overcome her and she loses control of the car.  Recovering from the accident in a nearby hospital, Mélanie tries to recall what caused her to crash. Antoine encounters an unexpected ally: sexy, streetwise Angèle, a mortician who will teach him new meanings for the words life, love and death. Suddenly, however, the past comes swinging back at both siblings, burdened with a dark truth about their mother, Clarisse.  Trapped in the wake of a shocking family secret shrouded by taboo, Antoine must confront his past and also his troubled relationships with his own children. How well does he really know his mother, his children, even himself? Suddenly fragile on all fronts as a son, a husband, a brother and a father, Antoine Rey will learn the truth about his family and himself the hard way. By turns thrilling, seductive and destructive, with a lingering effect that is bittersweet and redeeming, is the story of a modern family, the invisible ties that hold it together, and the impact it has throughout life.","Fiction, Historical Fiction, France, Mystery, Adult Fiction, Contemporary, Audiobook",1,Cultural
"Stephen, Krensky",Leonardo da Vinci,"Discover the inspiring story of Leonardo da Vinci, the artist, inventor, and engineer of the Italian Renaissance, in this fascinating kids' biography. Leonardo was a creative genius who wanted to understand how things worked. This ebook traces his life, from his birth in a hilltop village near Florence, Italy, through to his work as a painter, sculptor, and engineer. Leonardo made hundreds of drawings and paintings, including the Mona Lisa - probably the most famous painting in the world. Learn how Leonardo made detailed sketches of the human body and designs of parachutes, helicopters, and armoured tanks - many years before the technology existed to build them.This new kids' biography series from DK goes beyond the basic facts to tell the true life stories of history's most interesting and inspiring people. Full-colour photographs and hand-drawn illustrations complement age-appropriate narrative text to create an engaging book children will enjoy reading. Definition boxes, information sidebars, inspiring quotes, and other nonfiction text features add depth, and a handy reference section at the back makes DK Life Stories the one biography series everyone will want to collect.","Biography, Art",1,Cultural
"Jennifer L., Armentrout",Opposition,"Katy knows the world changed the night the Luxen came.  She can't believe Daemon welcomed his race or stood by as his kind threatened to obliterate every last human and hybrid on Earth. But the lines between good and bad have blurred, and love has become an emotion that could destroy her—could destroy them all.  Daemon will do anything to save those he loves, even if it means betrayal.  They must team with an unlikely enemy if there is any chance of surviving the invasion. But when it quickly becomes impossible to tell friend from foe, and the world is crumbling around them, they may lose everything— even what they cherish most—to ensure the survival of their friends…and mankind.","Young Adult, Fantasy, Romance, Paranormal, Aliens, Science Fiction, Paranormal Romance",1,Religious
"C. S., Lewis",That Hideous Strength: A Modern Fairy-Tale for Grown-Ups,"The final book in C. S. Lewis's acclaimed Space Trilogy, which includes Out of the Silent Planet and Perelandra, That Hideous Strength concludes the adventures of the matchless Dr. Ransom. The dark forces that were repulsed in Out of the Silent Planet and Perelandra are massed for an assault on the planet Earth itself. Word is on the wind that the mighty wizard Merlin has come back to the land of the living after many centuries, holding the key to ultimate power for that force which can find him and bend him to its will. A sinister technocratic organization is gaining power throughout Europe with a plan to ""recondition"" society, and it is up to Ransom and his friends to squelch this threat by applying age-old wisdom to a new universe dominated by science. The two groups struggle to a climactic resolution that brings the Space Trilogy to a magnificent, crashing close.","Fiction, Science Fiction, Fantasy, Christian, Classics, Christian Fiction, Science Fiction Fantasy",1,Religious
"Monica, Murphy",Playing Hard to Get,"Knox Maguire is the king of our college campus.  Star offensive tight end on the football team.  He is the complete opposite of me in every way.  I'm quiet. He's loud.  I'm shy. He's definitely not.  Everyone loves him. No one knows me.  Fresh out of a breakup, I don't really trust him, and why should I? Knox is the ultimate player. When I become his English tutor, I tell myself we need to keep things between us strictly business. Watching my mother deal with my ex-athlete father long, long ago taught me to stay far away from that type of man.  Yet Knox is impossible to resist. Next thing I know, we're getting hot and heavy in the library—and that was never part of the plan. When Knox admits he can't stop thinking about me, I have a realization.  I can't stop thinking about him either.  Instead of keeping my distance, I pull him in closer. Until somehow, we're spending all of our time together and I find myself falling for Knox. Hard.","Sports, Romance, Sports, College, Football, New Adult, Friends To Lovers",1,Cultural
"Orson Scott, Card",Ender's Shadow,"Welcome to Battleschool.  Growing up is never easy. But try living on the mean streets as a child begging for food and fighting like a dog with ruthless gangs of starving kids who wouldn't hesitate to pound your skull into pulp for a scrap of apple. If Bean has learned anything on the streets, it's how to survive. And not with fists. He is way too small for that. But with brains.  Bean is a genius with a magician's ability to zero in on his enemy and exploit his weakness.  What better quality for a future general to lead the Earth in a final climactic battle against a hostile alien race, known as Buggers. At Battleschool Bean meets and befriends another future commander - Ender Wiggins - perhaps his only true rival.  Only one problem: for Bean and Ender, the future is now.  is the book that launched The Shadow Series, and the parallel novel to Orson Scott Card's science fiction classic, .", "Science Fiction, Fiction, Young Adult, Fantasy, Science Fiction Fantasy, Audiobook, Space",1,Cultural
"Sarah J., Maas",Kingdom of Ash,"An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here.  Aelin Galathynius has vowed to save her people ― but at a tremendous cost. Locked within an iron coffin by the Queen of the Fae, Aelin must draw upon her fiery will as she endures months of torture. The knowledge that yielding to Maeve will doom those she loves keeps her from breaking, but her resolve is unraveling with each passing day…  With Aelin captured, friends and allies are scattered to different fates. Some bonds will grow even deeper, while others will be severed forever. As destinies weave together at last, all must fight if Erilea is to have any hope of salvation.  Years in the making, Sarah J. Maas's bestselling Throne of Glass series draws to an explosive conclusion as Aelin fights to save herself―and the promise of a better world.","Young Adult, Romance, Romantasy, Fae, Fiction, Magic, New Adult",1,Cultural
"Ann, Brashares",The Second Summer Of The Sisterhood,"Can't wait for the next installment of the Pants? Check out the SPECIAL EDITION of The Second Summer of the Sisterhood , in stores now! Inside you'll find an exclusive ""Who's Your Soul Mate Quiz"" and a sneak peak at the third book, Girls in Pants.  With a bit of last summer's sand in the pockets, the Traveling Pants and the Sisterhood that wears them embark on their 16th summer.  Impulsively sets off for Alabama, wanting to both confront her demons about her family and avoid them all at once.  Spends a blissful week with Kostos, making the unexplainable silence that follows his visit even more painful.  Is concerned that her mother is making a fool of herself over a man. When she discovers that her mother borrowed the Pants to wear on a date, she's certain of it.  Not about to spend another summer working at Wallman's, she takes a film course only to find it's what happens off-camera that teaches her the most.","Young Adult, Fiction, Chick Lit, Contemporary, Romance, Teen, Realistic Fiction",1,Cultural
"Christina Hammonds, Reed",The Black Kids,"Ashley Bennett and her friends are living the charmed life. It’s the end of senior year and they’re spending more time at the beach than in the classroom. They can already feel the sunny days and endless possibilities of summer.  Everything changes one afternoon in April, when four LAPD officers are acquitted after beating a black man named Rodney King half to death. Suddenly, Ashley’s not just one of the girls. She’s one of the black kids.  As violent protests engulf LA and the city burns, Ashley tries to continue on as if life were normal. Even as her self-destructive sister gets dangerously involved in the riots. Even as the model black family façade her wealthy and prominent parents have built starts to crumble. Even as her best friends help spread a rumor that could completely derail the future of her classmate and fellow black kid, LaShawn Johnson.  With her world splintering around her, Ashley, along with the rest of LA, is left to question who is the ? And who is the ?","Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Contemporary, Fiction, Audiobook, Historical, Race",1,Political
"Anna, Todd",After We Collided,"Tessa has everything to lose. Hardin has nothing to lose… except her.  After a tumultuous beginning to their relationship, Tessa and Hardin were on the path to making things work. Tessa knew Hardin could be cruel, but when a bombshell revelation is dropped about the origins of their relationship—and Hardin’s mysterious past—Tessa is beside herself.  Hardin will always be… Hardin. But is he really the deep, thoughtful guy Tessa fell madly in love with despite his angry exterior—or has he been a stranger all along? She wishes she could walk away. It’s just not that easy. Not with the memory of passionate nights spent in his arms. His electric touch. His hungry kisses.  Still, Tessa’s not sure she can endure one more broken promise. She put so much on hold for Hardin—school, friends, her mom, a relationship with a guy who really loved her, and now possibly even a promising new career. She needs to move forward with her life.","Romance, New Adult, Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, College, Contemporary Romance",1,Cultural
"E., Lockhart",Fly on the Wall: How One Girl Saw Everything,"At the Manhattan School for Art and Music, where everyone is ""different"" and everyone is ""special,"" Gretchen Yee feels ordinary. She's the kind of girl who sits alone at lunch, drawing pictures of Spider-Man, so she won't have to talk to anyone; who has a crush on Titus but won't do anything about it; who has no one to hang out with when her best (and only real) friend Katya is busy.  One day, Gretchen wishes that she could be a fly on the wall in the boys' locker room—just to learn more about guys. What are they really like? What do they really talk about? Are they really cretins most of the time?  is the story of how that wish comes true.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Fantasy, Fiction, Romance, Magical Realism, Chick Lit",1,Cultural
"Jim, Ottaviani",The Imitation Game: Alan Turing Decoded,"Award winning authors Jim Ottaviani and Leland Purvis present a historically accurate graphic novel biography of English mathematician and scientist Alan Turing in The Imitation Game.   English mathematician and scientist Alan Turing (1912–1954) is credited with many of the foundational principles of contemporary computer science. The Imitation Game presents a historically accurate graphic novel biography of Turing’s life, including his groundbreaking work on the fundamentals of cryptography and artificial intelligence. His code breaking efforts led to the cracking of the German Enigma during World War II, work that saved countless lives and accelerated the Allied defeat of the Nazis. While Turing’s achievements remain relevant decades after his death, the story of his life in post-war Europe continues to fascinate audiences today.   Award-winning duo Jim Ottaviani (the #1 bestselling author of and ) and artist Leland Purvis (an Eisner and Ignatz Award nominee and occasional reviewer for the ) present a factually detailed account of Turing’s life and groundbreaking research—as an unconventional genius who was arrested, tried, convicted, and punished for his openly gay lifestyle, and whose innovative work still fuels the computing and communication systems that define our modern world.  Computer science buffs, comics fans, and history aficionados will be captivated by this riveting and tragic story of one of the 20th century’s most unsung heroes.","Graphic Novels, Nonfiction, Biography, History, Comics, Science, LGBT",1,Political
"Morgan, Matson",Since You've Been Gone,"It was Sloane who yanked Emily out of her shell and made life 100% interesting. But right before what should have been the most epic summer, Sloane just…disappears. All she leaves behind is a to-do list.  On it, thirteen Sloane-inspired tasks that Emily would normally never try. But what if they could bring her best friend back?  Apple picking at night? Okay, easy enough.  Sure. Why not?  Um...  Emily now has this unexpected summer, and the help of Frank Porter ( unexpected), to check things off Sloane's list. Who knows what she’ll find?  Wait...what?","Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary, Realistic Fiction, Audiobook",1,Religious
"Angie, Thomas",The Hate U Give,"Sixteen-year-old Starr Carter moves between two worlds: the poor neighborhood where she lives and the fancy suburban prep school she attends. The uneasy balance between these worlds is shattered when Starr witnesses the fatal shooting of her childhood best friend Khalil at the hands of a police officer. Khalil was unarmed.  Soon afterward, his death is a national headline. Some are calling him a thug, maybe even a drug dealer and a gangbanger. Protesters are taking to the streets in Khalil’s name. Some cops and the local drug lord try to intimidate Starr and her family. What everyone wants to know is: what really went down that night? And the only person alive who can answer that is Starr.  But what Starr does—or does not—say could upend her community. It could also endanger her life.  --front flap","Young Adult, Fiction, Contemporary, Audiobook, Realistic Fiction, Race, Social Justice",1,Political
"Rebecca, Stead",The List of Things That Will Not Change,"After her parents' divorce, Bea's life became different in many ways. But she can always look back at the list she keeps in her green notebook to remember the things that will stay the same. The first and most important: Mom and Dad will always love Bea, and each other.  When Dad tells Bea that he and his boyfriend, Jesse, are getting married, Bea is thrilled. Bea loves Jesse, and when he and Dad get married, she'll finally (finally!) have what she's always wanted—a sister. Even though she's never met Jesse's daughter, Sonia, Bea is sure that they'll be ""just like sisters anywhere.""  As the wedding day approaches, Bea will learn that making a new family brings questions, surprises, and joy.","Middle Grade, Realistic Fiction, LGBT, Fiction, Family, Contemporary, Audiobook",1,Cultural
"Cammie, McGovern",Say What You Will,"John Green's The Fault in Our Stars meets Rainbow Rowell's Eleanor & Park in this beautifully written, incredibly honest, and emotionally poignant novel. Cammie McGovern's insightful young adult debut is a heartfelt and heartbreaking story about how we can all feel lost until we find someone who loves us because of our faults, not in spite of them.  Born with cerebral palsy, Amy can't walk without a walker, talk without a voice box, or even fully control her facial expressions. Plagued by obsessive-compulsive disorder, Matthew is consumed with repeated thoughts, neurotic rituals, and crippling fear. Both in desperate need of someone to help them reach out to the world, Amy and Matthew are more alike than either ever realized.  When Amy decides to hire student aides to help her in her senior year at Coral Hills High School, these two teens are thrust into each other's lives. As they begin to spend time with each other, what started as a blossoming friendship eventually grows into something neither expected.","Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, Disability, Mental Health",1,Cultural
"Erik J., Brown",All That's Left in the World,"What If It's Us meets They Both Die at the End in this postapocalyptic, queer YA adventure romance from debut author Erik J. Brown. Perfect for fans of Adam Silvera, Alex London, and Heartstopper by Alice Oseman.  When Andrew stumbles upon Jamie's house, he's injured, starved, and has nothing left to lose. A deadly pathogen has killed off most of the world's population, including everyone both boys have ever loved. And if this new world has taught them anything, it's to be scared of what other desperate people will do . . . so why does it seem so easy for them to trust each other?  After danger breaches their shelter, they flee south in search of civilization. But something isn't adding up about Andrew's story, and it could cost them everything. And Jamie has a secret, too. He's starting to feel something more than friendship for Andrew, adding another layer of fear and confusion to an already tumultuous journey.  The road ahead of them is long, and to survive, they'll have to shed their secrets, face the consequences of their actions, and find the courage to fight for the future they desire, together. Only one thing feels certain: all that's left in their world is the undeniable pull they have toward each other.","Romance, LGBT, Young Adult, Queer, Dystopia, Science Fiction, Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Marcus, Emerson",Recess Warriors: Hero Is A Four-Letter Word,"Saving the world... one playground at a time.  When imaginations go wild in the schoolyard, anything can happen. Normal kids become world-saving heroes, girls become power-hungry pirates, and zombies take over the school after being infected by the dreaded epidemic—cooties! It's up to Scrap, his partner Yoshi (don't you dare call her a sidekick!), and Clinton, the baddest cowboy in the, um, badlands, to stop recess from collapsing into total apocalyptic chaos.  With dynamic full-color art and nonstop action, is an irresistibly fun middle-grade graphic novel from Marcus Emerson, the creator of the hit self-published series,","Graphic Novels, Fantasy, Middle Grade, Comics, Juvenile, Adventure, Childrens",1,Offensive Language
"Lincoln, Peirce",Big Nate: The Crowd Goes Wild,"11-year-old Nate Wright steps up to the plate! In this collection of comics from The New York Times best-selling series, everyone’s favorite sixth-grade prankster takes a swing at entrepreneurship with a “Free Cold Water” stand, campaigns against Social Studies as Class President, and breaks out of a batting slump. While Nate’s big ideas aren’t always grand slams, he and his friends can turn any day into a win.Based on cartoonist Lincoln Peirce’s hilarious childhood memories and teaching experiences, Big Nate is a home run for readers everywhere.","Graphic Novels, Comics, Childrens, Humor, Fiction, Middle Grade, School",1,Offensive Language
"Steven, Brezenoff",The Absolute Value of -1,"“Brezenoff’s enviable prose captures distinct, compelling characters as they struggle through the often heartbreaking work of becoming adults. Readers will identify with Lily, Noah, and Simon as they try to reconcile their longing for connection with their need to break free.”  —Sara Zarr, National Book Award Nominee and author of Once Was Lost.  The absolute value of any number, positive or negative, is its distance from |-1| = 1  Noah, Lily, and Simon have been a trio forever. But as they enter high school, their relationships shift and their world starts to fall apart. Privately, each is dealing with a family crisis—divorce, abuse, and a parent's illness. Yet as they try to escape the pain and reach out for the connections they once counted on, they slip—like soap in a shower.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, Death, Teen",1,Offensive Language
"Art, Spiegelman",Maus 1: A Survivor's Tale: My Father Bleeds History,"The first installment of the Pulitzer Prize-winning graphic novel acclaimed as “the most affecting and successful narrative ever done about the Holocaust” (Wall Street Journal) and “the first masterpiece in comic book history” (The New Yorker).  A brutally moving work of art—widely hailed as the greatest graphic novel ever written—Maus recounts the chilling experiences of the author’s father during the Holocaust, with Jews drawn as wide-eyed mice and Nazis as menacing cats.  Maus is a haunting tale within a tale, weaving the author’s account of his tortured relationship with his aging father into an astonishing retelling of one of history's most unspeakable tragedies. It is an unforgettable story of survival and a disarming look at the legacy of trauma.","Graphic Novels, Comics, History, Nonfiction, Memoir, Holocaust, Biography",1,Political
"Andrea, Robertson",Snakeroot,"Fans asked for it, and now they've got it!  Andrea Cremer is continuing the story she began in in her internationally bestselling trilogy: Nightshade, Wolfsbane and Bloodrose.  Bosque Mar haunts the dreams of both Adne and Logan, trying to escape for the Nether, where Calla, Shay and the other Guardians trapped him in the final battle in the War of All Against All...  Will he turn Adne to the dark side? Will Logan reclaim his birthright? And will darkness take over our world?","Young Adult, Fantasy, Paranormal, Werewolves, Romance, Magic, Supernatural",1,Offensive Language
"Orlagh, Collins",All the Invisible Things,"A warm, witty, important story about being a young woman today, and what it's like to find a real connection amid all the noise. Perfect for fans of Holly Bourne and Laura Steven's The Exact Opposite of Okay.  Vetty's family is moving back to London, and all she can think about is seeing Pez again. They were inseparable when they were small - roaming the city in the long summers, sharing everything. But everyone's telling her it'll be different now. After all, a boy and a girl can't really be friends without feelings getting in the way, can they?  Vetty thinks differently ... until Pez tells her she's 'not like other girls'. But what does that even mean? Is it a good thing or not? Suddenly she's wondering whether she wants him to see her like the others - like the ultra-glamorous March, who's worked some sort of spell on Pez, or the girls in the videos that Pez has hidden on his laptop.  How can she measure up to them? And who says that's what a girl is to be like anyway?","LGBT, Young Adult, Contemporary, Queer, Romance, Fiction, Bisexual",1,Religious
"Lauren, Barnholdt",Two-Way Street,"There are two sides to every breakup.  This is Jordan and Courtney, totally in love. Sure, they were an unlikely high school couple. But they clicked; it worked. They're even going to the same college, and driving cross-country together for orientation.  Then Jordan dumps Courtney -- for a girl he met on the Internet.  It's too late to change plans, so the road trip is on. Courtney's heartbroken, but figures she can tough it out for a few days. -- this is Courtney pretending not to care.  But in a strange twist, Jordan cares. A lot.  Turns out, he's got a secret or two that he's not telling Courtney. And it has everything to do with why they broke up, why they can't get back together, and how, in spite of it all, this couple is destined for each other.","Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Road Trip, Chick Lit, Realistic Fiction, Fiction",1,Religious
"David, Klass",You Don't Know Me,"John (""My father named me after a toilet!"") wrestles with the certainty that no one really knows him—not in his miserable home, and certainly not at school. It's true that no one can guess his hidden thoughts, which are hilarious, razor-sharp observations about lust, love, tubas, algebra, everything. And then there's his home: his father ran off years ago, so he's being raised by his mother, who works long hours, and by her boyfriend, whom John calls ""the man who is not and never will be my father."" This man is his enemy, an abusive disciplinarian who seems to want to kill John and, in a horrible final confrontation, nearly succeeds. Moving, wholly involving, original, and emotionally true, You Don't Know Me is a multilayered novel that presents a winning portrait of an understandably angst-ridden adolescent.","Young Adult, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, Abuse, Contemporary, Teen, High School",1,Offensive Language
"Romina, Garber",Lobizona,"Some people ARE illegal.  Lobizonas do NOT exist.  Both of these statements are false.  Manuela Azul has been crammed into an existence that feels too small for her. As an undocumented immigrant who's on the run from her father's Argentine crime-family, Manu is confined to a small apartment and a small life in Miami, Florida.  Until Manu's protective bubble is shattered.  Her surrogate grandmother is attacked, lifelong lies are exposed, and her mother is arrested by ICE. Without a home, without answers, and finally without shackles, Manu investigates the only clue she has about her past--a mysterious ""Z"" emblem—which leads her to a secret world buried within our own. A world connected to her dead father and his criminal past. A world straight out of Argentine folklore, where the seventh consecutive daughter is born a bruja and the seventh consecutive son is a lobizón, a werewolf. A world where her unusual eyes allow her to belong.  As Manu uncovers her own story and traces her real heritage all the way back to a cursed city in Argentina, she learns it's not just her U.S. residency that's illegal. . . .","Fantasy, Young Adult, Fiction, Magical Realism, Paranormal, Urban Fantasy, Young Adult Fantasy",1,Religious
"Sophie, Kinsella",Confessions of a Shopaholic,"Becky has a fabulous flat in London's trendiest neighborhood, a troupe of glamorous socialite friends, and a closet brimming with the season's must-haves. The only trouble is that she can't actually afford it–not any of it.  Her job writing at Successful Savings not only bores her to tears, it doesn't pay much at all. And lately Becky's been chased by dismal letters from the bank –letters with large red sums she can't bear to read–and they're getting ever harder to ignore.  She tries cutting back. But none of her efforts succeeds. Becky's only consolation is to buy herself something ... just a little something....  Finally a story arises that Becky actually cares about, and her front-page article catalyzes a chain of events that will transform her life–and the lives of those around her–forever.","Chick Lit, Fiction, Romance, Contemporary, Humor, Adult, Contemporary Romance",1,Religious
"Patricia, McCormick",Cut,"Callie cuts herself. Never too deep, never enough to die. But enough to feel the pain. Enough to feel the scream inside.  Now she's at Sea Pines, a ""residential treatment facility"" filled with girls struggling with problems of their own. Callie doesn't want to have anything to do with them. She doesn't want to have anything to do with anyone. She won't even speak.  But Callie can only stay silent for so long...","Young Adult, Fiction, Mental Health, Realistic Fiction, Mental Illness, Contemporary, Psychology",1,Religious
"Octavia E., Butler",Kindred: A Graphic Novel Adaptation,"#1 New York Times BestsellerWinner of the 2018 Eisner Award for Best Adaptation from Another Medium Octavia E. Butler's bestselling literary science-fiction masterpiece, Kindred , now in graphic novel format. More than 35 years after its release, Kindred continues to draw in new readers with its deep exploration of the violence and loss of humanity caused by slavery in the United States, and its complex and lasting impact on the present day. Adapted by celebrated academics and comics artists Damian Duffy and John Jennings, this graphic novel powerfully renders Butler's mysterious and moving story, which spans racial and gender divides in the antebellum South through the 20th century. Butler's most celebrated, critically acclaimed work tells the story of Dana, a young black woman who is suddenly and inexplicably transported from her home in 1970s California to the pre-Civil War South. As she time-travels between worlds, one in which she is a free woman and one where she is part of her own complicated familial history on a southern plantation, she becomes frighteningly entangled in the lives of Rufus, a conflicted white slaveholder and one of Dana's own ancestors, and the many people who are enslaved by him. Held up as an essential work in feminist, science-fiction, and fantasy genres, as well as a cornerstone of the Afrofuturism movement, the intersectionality of race, history, and the treatment of women addressed in the book still remain critical topics in contemporary dialogue, both in the classroom and in the public sphere. Frightening, compelling, and richly imagined, Kindred offers an unflinching look at our complicated social history, transformed by the graphic novel format into a visually stunning work for a new generation of readers.","Graphic Novels, Historical Fiction, Fiction, Science Fiction, Time Travel, Fantasy, Historical",1,Political
"Stephen, King",Christine,"Christine est belle, racée, séduisante.  Elle aime les sensations fortes, les virées nocturnes et le rock n'roll des années héroïques. Depuis qu'elle connaît Arnie, elle est amoureuse. Signe particulier : Christine est une Plymouth « Fury », sortie en 1958 des ateliers automobiles de Detroit.  Une seule rivale en travers de sa route : Leigh, la petite amie d'Arnie… Ce roman légendaire de Stephen King, rythmé par la musique de Chuck Berry et de Janis Joplin, a déjà pris place parmi les classiques de l'épouvante.","Horror, Fiction, Thriller, Fantasy, Paranormal, Supernatural, Mystery",1,Offensive Language
"Rebecca, Wells",Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood,"When Siddalee Walker, oldest daughter of Vivi Abbott Walker, Ya-Ya extraordinaire, is interviewed in the New York Times about a hit play she's directed, her mother gets described as a ""tap-dancing child abuser."" Enraged, Vivi disowns Sidda. Devastated, Sidda begs forgiveness, and postpones her upcoming wedding. All looks bleak until the Ya-Yas step in and convince Vivi to send Sidda a scrapbook of their girlhood mementos, called ""Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood."" As Sidda struggles to analyze her mother, she comes face to face with the tangled beauty of imperfect love, and the fact that forgiveness, more than understanding, is often what the heart longs for.","Fiction, Chick Lit, Contemporary, Adult Fiction, Historical Fiction, Southern, Adult",1,Religious
"Dhonielle, Clayton",Blackout,"Six critically acclaimed, bestselling, and award-winning authors bring the glowing warmth and electricity of Black teen love to this interlinked novel of charming, hilarious, and heartwarming stories that shine a bright light through the dark.  A summer heatwave blankets New York City in darkness. But as the city is thrown into confusion, a different kind of electricity sparks…  A first meeting.   Long-time friends.   Bitter exes.   And maybe the beginning of something new.  When the lights go out, people reveal hidden truths. Love blossoms, friendship transforms, and new possibilities take flight.","Romance, Young Adult, Short Stories, Contemporary, LGBT, Fiction, Audiobook",1,Offensive Language
"Robert, Shapard",Sudden Fiction: American Short Stories,"Here are 70 of the very best short-short stories of recent years, including contributions from such contemporary writers as Raymond Carver, Leonard Michaels and John Updike; a few modern masters such as Hemingway and Cheever; and an assortment of talented new young writers. Sudden Fiction brilliantly captures the tremendous popularity of this new and distinctly American form.","Short Stories, Fiction, Anthologies, Flash Fiction, Literary Fiction, Contemporary, School",1,Offensive Language
"Kacen, Callender",Hurricane Child,"Caroline Murphy is a Hurricane Child.  Being born during a hurricane is unlucky, and 12-year-old Caroline has had her share of bad luck lately. She's hated and bullied by everyone in her small school on St. Thomas of the US Virgin Islands, a spirit only she can see won't stop following her, and—worst of all—Caroline's mother left home one day and never came back.  But when a new student named Kalinda arrives, Caroline's luck begins to turn around. Kalinda, a solemn girl from Barbados with a special smile for everyone, becomes Caroline's first and only friend—and the person for whom Caroline has begun to develop a crush.  Now, Caroline must find the strength to confront her feelings for Kalinda, brave the spirit stalking her through the islands, and face the reason her mother abandoned her. Together, Caroline and Kalinda must set out in a hurricane to find Caroline's missing mother—before Caroline loses her forever.","Middle Grade, LGBT, Magical Realism, Queer, Fiction, Young Adult, Contemporary",1,Political
"John, Burdett",Bangkok 8,"A thriller with attitude to spare, Bangkok 8 is a sexy, razor-edged, often darkly hilarious novel set in one of the world’s most exotic cities.  Witnessed by a throng of gaping spectators, a charismatic Marine sergeant is murdered under a Bangkok bridge inside a bolted-shut Mercedes Benz. Among the witnesses are the only two cops in the city not on the take, but within moments one is murdered and his partner, Sonchai Jitpleecheep—a devout Buddhist and the son of a Thai bar girl and a long-gone Vietnam War G.I.—is hell-bent on wreaking revenge. On a vigilante mission to capture his partner’s murderer, Sonchai is begrudgingly paired with a beautiful FBI agent named Jones and captures her heart in the process. In a city fueled by illicit drugs and infinite corruption, prostitution and priceless art, Sonchai’s quest for vengeance takes him into a world much more sinister than he could have ever imagined.","Mystery, Fiction, Crime, Thriller, Asia, Mystery Thriller, Detective",1,Political
"Leigh, Bardugo",Wonder Woman: Warbringer,"Daughter of immortals.  Princess Diana longs to prove herself to her legendary warrior sisters. But when the opportunity finally comes, she throws away her chance at glory and breaks Amazon law—risking exile—to save a mortal. Diana will soon learn that she has rescued no ordinary girl, and that with this single brave act, she may have doomed the world.  Daughter of death.  Alia Keralis just wanted to escape her overprotective brother with a semester at sea. She doesn’t know she is being hunted by people who think her very existence could spark a world war. When a bomb detonates aboard her ship, Alia is rescued by a mysterious girl of extraordinary strength and forced to confront a horrible truth: Alia is a Warbringer—a direct descendant of the infamous Helen of Troy, fated to bring about an age of bloodshed and misery.    Two girls will face an army of enemies—mortal and divine—determined to either destroy or possess the Warbringer. Tested beyond the bounds of their abilities, Diana and Alia must find a way to unleash hidden strengths and forge an unlikely alliance. Because if they have any hope of saving both their worlds, they will have to stand side by side against the tide of war.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Superheroes, Fiction, Mythology, Audiobook, Retellings",1,Cultural
"Stephen, King",Elevation,"Castle Rock is a small town, where word gets around quickly. That's why Scott Carey wants to confide only in his friend Doctor Bob Ellis about his strange condition he's losing weight without getting thinner, and the scales register the same whether he is in his clothes or out of them, no matter how heavy they are.  Scott also has new neighbors who have opened a ""fine dining experience"" in town, although it's an experience being shunned by the locals: Deirdre McComb and her wife Missy Donaldson don't exactly conform to a lifestyle the community approves of. And now Scott seems trapped in a feud with the couple over their dogs dropping their business on his lawn. Missy may be warm and friendly, but Deirdre is as cold as ice.  As the town prepares for its annual Thanksgiving 12K run, Scott begins to understand the prejudices the women face, and tries to help. Unlikely alliances form, and the mystery of Scott's affliction brings out the best in people who have indulged the worst in themselves and others.  From the master storyteller Stephen King comes this compelling tale about finding common ground despite differences, a magical story with deep resonance for our time.","Fiction, Horror, Fantasy, Audiobook, Short Stories, Mystery, Novella",1,Political
"Meg, Cabot",Insatiable,"Sick of hearing about vampires? So is Meena Harper.  But her bosses are making her write about them anyway, even though Meena doesn’t believe in them.  Not that Meena isn’t familiar with the supernatural. See, Meena Harper knows how you’re going to die. (Not that you’re going to believe her; no one ever does.)  But not even Meena’s precognition can prepare her for what happens when she meets—then makes the mistake of falling in love with—Lucien Antonescu, a modern-day prince with a bit of a dark side. It's a dark side a lot of people, like an ancient society of vampire-hunters, would prefer to see him dead for.  The problem is, Lucien's already dead. Maybe that’s why he’s the first guy Meena’s ever met that she could see herself having a future with. See, while Meena’s always been able to see everyone else’s future, she’s never been able look into her own.  And while Lucien seems like everything Meena has ever dreamed of in a boyfriend, he might turn out to be more like a nightmare.  Now might be a good time for Meena to start learning to predict her own future . . .  If she even has one.","Romance, Vampires, Fantasy, Paranormal, Chick Lit, Fiction, Paranormal Romance",1,Religious
"Deborah, Noyes",Plague in the Mirror,"In a sensual paranormal romance, a teen girl’s doppelgänger from 1348 Florence lures her into the past in hopes of exacting a deadly trade.  It was meant to be a diversion—a summer in Florence with her best friend, Liam, and his travel-writer mom, doing historical research between breaks for gelato. A chance to forget that back in Vermont, May’s parents, and all semblance of safety, were breaking up. But when May wakes one night sensing someone in her room, only to find her ghostly twin staring back at her, normalcy becomes a distant memory. And when later she follows the menacing Cristofana through a portale to fourteenth-century Florence, May never expects to find safety in the eyes of Marco, a soulful painter who awakens in her a burning desire and makes her feel truly seen. The wily Cristofana wants nothing less of May than to inhabit each other’s lives, but with the Black Death ravaging Old Florence, can May’s longing for Marco’s touch be anything but madness?  Lush with atmosphere both passionate and eerie, this evocative tale follows a girl on the brink of womanhood as she dares to transcend the familiar—and discovers her sensual power.","Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Time Travel, Fantasy, Romance, Paranormal, Historical",1,Cultural
"Melissa, de la Cruz",Bloody Valentine,"The Blue Bloods have powers beyond human comprehension: strength that defies logic, speed that cannot be captured on film, the ability to shape-shift, and more. But in matters of the heart, no one, not even those immortal vampires, has total control.  In Bloody Valentine, part of the best-selling Blue Bloods series, author Melissa de la Cruz offers three tantalizing stories that delve deep into the love lives of the all-powerful vamps (and their Red Blood friends) from New York's Upper East Side. Might a witchy new girl help cure Oliver's broken heart? How did Allegra fall in love with a human? Will Schuyler and Jack finally be bonded?  Romantic and sensual, reveals the undying love, the hope and devastation, and the lust and longing that have defined the Blue Bloods throughout history. Prepare to be swept off your feet.","Vampires, Young Adult, Fantasy, Paranormal, Romance, Angels, Urban Fantasy",1,Cultural
"Kyle, Lukoff",When Aidan Became a Brother,"When Aidan was born, everyone thought he was a girl. His parents gave him a pretty name, his room looked like a girl's room, and he wore clothes that other girls liked wearing. After he realized he was a trans boy, Aidan and his parents fixed the parts of life that didn't fit anymore, and he settled happily into his new life. Then Mom and Dad announce that they're going to have another baby, and Aidan wants to do everything he can to make things right for his new sibling from the beginning--from choosing the perfect name to creating a beautiful room to picking out the cutest onesie. But what does ""making things right"" actually mean? And what happens if he messes up? With a little help, Aidan comes to understand that mistakes can be fixed with honesty and communication, and that he already knows the most important thing about being a big brother: how to love with his whole self.  is a heartwarming book that will resonate with transgender children, reassure any child concerned about becoming an older sibling, and celebrate the many transitions a family can experience.","Picture Books, LGBT, Family, Childrens, Realistic Fiction, Queer, Gender",1,Cultural
"Amie, Kaufman",Illuminae,"This morning, Kady thought breaking up with Ezra was the hardest thing she’d have to do. This afternoon, her planet was invaded.  The year is 2575, and two rival mega-corporations are at war over a planet that’s little more than a speck at the edge of the universe. Now with enemy fire raining down on them, Kady and Ezra — who are barely even talking to each other—are forced to evacuate with a hostile warship in hot pursuit.  But their problems are just getting started. A plague has broken out and is mutating with terrifying results; the fleet’s AI may actually be their enemy; and nobody in charge will say what’s really going on. As Kady hacks into a web of data to find the truth, it’s clear the only person who can help her is the ex-boyfriend she swore she’d never speak to again.","Science Fiction, Young Adult, Romance, Fantasy, Fiction, Audiobook, Dystopia",1,Political
"True, Kelley",Who Is Dolly Parton?,"Born in a little cabin in Tennessee, Dolly Parton always dreamed big, and she was right to! She wrote her first song at age five and became a country music star by the time she was in her early twenties. Of course, her success didn't stop there. Dolly Parton is also an actress, author, businesswoman, and philanthropist whose ""Imagination Library"" reading initiative reaches children throughout the US, Canada, and the UK. There is simply no one like Dolly Parton!","Biography, Nonfiction, Childrens, Music, Middle Grade, History, Biography Memoir",1,Cultural
"Ilsa J., Bick",Monsters,"The Changed are on the move. The Spared are out of time. The End...is now.  When her parents died, Alex thought things couldn't get much worse—until the doctors found the monster in her head. She headed into the wilderness as a goodbye, to leave everything behind. But then the end of the world happened, and Alex took the first step down a treacherous road of betrayal and terror and death. Now, with no hope of rescue—on the brink of starvation in a winter that just won't quit—she discovers a new and horrifying truth. The Change isn't over. The Changed are still evolving. And...they've had help.  With this final volume of The Ashes Trilogy, Ilsa J. Bick delivers a riveting, blockbuster finish, returning readers to a brutal, post-apocalyptic world where no one is safe and hope is in short supply.  A world where, from these ashes, the monsters may rise.","Young Adult, Zombies, Dystopia, Horror, Post Apocalyptic, Science Fiction, Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Emily, Bronte",Wuthering Heights,"An alternative cover edition for this ISBN can be found here. Emily Brontë's only novel, a work of tremendous and far-reaching influence, the Penguin Classics edition of Wuthering Heights is the definitive edition of the text, edited with an introduction by Pauline Nestor. Lockwood, the new tenant of Thrushcross Grange, situated on the bleak Yorkshire moors, is forced to seek shelter one night at Wuthering Heights, the home of his landlord. There he discovers the history of the tempestuous events that took place years before; of the intense relationship between the gypsy foundling Heathcliff and Catherine Earnshaw; and how Catherine, forced to choose between passionate, tortured Heathcliff and gentle, well-bred Edgar Linton, surrendered to the expectations of her class. As Heathcliff's bitterness and vengeance at his betrayal is visited upon the next generation, their innocent heirs must struggle to escape the legacy of the past.","Fiction, Gothic, Historical Fiction, Literature, Historical, Novels, 19th Century",1,Cultural
"Marilyn, Reynolds",Too Soon For Jeff,"Jeff Browning is a talented high school debater who stands a solid chance of winning a scholarship to the college of his dreams. But Christy, his girlfriend, announces that she is pregnant and she will neither have an abortion nor give the baby up for adoption. Jeff is forced to deal with the consequences of his actions. Ready or not, Jeff is going to be a father, and the course of his life is changed forever. This story of a reluctant teenage father was unanimously selected by ALA for its Best Books for Young Adults list.","Fiction, Young Adult, Teen",1,Cultural
"Danielle, Steel",Lightning,"In Lightning, bestselling novelist Danielle Steel tells the story of a woman whose life is changed by one swift, unexpected stroke of fate. As a partner in one of New York's most prestigious law firms, Alexandra Parker barely manages to juggle husband, career, and the three-year-old child she gave birth to at forty. Then lightning strikes—a routine medical check-up turns her world upside down when tests reveal shattering news. Her husband Sam, a Wall Street whiz-kid, is as proud of his long-time marriage to Alex as he is of his successful career—until he is caught off guard by Alex's illness. Terrified of losing his wife and family, Sam fails to provide any kind of emotional support. Almost overnight, Sam takes his distance from Alex, and they become strangers. As lightning strikes them yet again, Sam's promising career suddenly explodes into disaster, and his very life and identity are challenged. With his future hanging in the balance, Alex must decide what she feels for Sam, if life will ever be the same for them again, or if she must move on without him.","Romance, Fiction, Chick Lit, Contemporary, Adult Fiction, Contemporary Romance, Drama",1,Cultural
"Stephen, King",Sleeping Beauties,"In a future so real and near it might be now, something happens when women go to sleep; they become shrouded in a cocoon-like gauze. If they are awakened, and the gauze wrapping their bodies is disturbed or violated, the women become feral and spectacularly violent; and while they sleep they go to another place. The men of our world are abandoned, left to their increasingly primal devices. One woman, however, the mysterious Evie, is immune to the blessing or curse of the sleeping disease. Is Evie a medical anomaly to be studied, or is she a demon who must be slain?","Horror, Fiction, Thriller, Audiobook, Mystery, Science Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Nicola, Yoon",Everything Everything,"My disease is as rare as it is famous. It’s a form of Severe Combined Immunodeficiency, but basically, I’m allergic to the world. I don’t leave my house; I have not left my house in fifteen years. The only people I ever see are my mom and my nurse, Carla. But then one day, a moving truck arrives. New next door neighbors. I look out the window, and I see him. He’s tall, lean and wearing all black—black t-shirt, black jeans, black sneakers and a black knit cap that covers his hair completely. He catches me looking and stares at me. I stare right back. His name is Olly. I want to learn everything about him, and I do. I learn that he is funny and fierce. I learn that his eyes are Atlantic Ocean-blue and that his vice is stealing silverware. I learn that when I talk to him, my whole world opens up, and I feel myself starting to change—starting to want things. To want out of my bubble. To want everything, everything the world has to offer. Maybe we can’t predict the future, but we can predict some things. For example, I am certainly going to fall in love with Olly. It’s almost certainly going to be a disaster.","Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, Audiobook, Young Adult Contemporary",1,Cultural
"Stacey Wallace, Benefiel",Glimpse: A YA Paranormal Romance,"A canny young woman is struggling to survive by perpetrating various levels of mostly harmless fraud. On a rainy April morning, she is reading auras at Spiritual Palms when Susan Burke walks in. A keen observer of human behavior, our unnamed narrator immediately diagnoses beautiful, rich Susan as an unhappy woman eager to give her lovely life a drama injection. However, when the ""psychic"" visits the eerie Victorian home that has been the source of Susan's terror and grief, she realizes she may not have to pretend to believe in ghosts anymore. Miles, Susan's teenage stepson, doesn't help matters with his disturbing manner and grisly imagination. The three are soon locked in a chilling battle to discover where the evil truly lurks and what, if anything, can be done to escape it. “The Grownup,” originally appeared as “What Do You Do?” in George R. R. Martin’s Rogues anthology.","Short Stories, Fiction, Horror, Thriller, Mystery, Mystery Thriller, Audiobook",1,Religious
"Judith, Rossner",Perfidia,"Her mother makes love to strangers and chooses the worst kind of friends. Her classmates talk of going to college, but Madeleine, with a scholarship waiting at an Ivy League school, knows that escape is unlikely. For Maddy's life revolves around her jealous, raging, promiscuous mother. And now that Maddy has a lover of her own, now that her mother's delusion-filled, grudge-filled, lover-filled life is crashing down around them, now that Maddy knows leaving would be the deadliest blow of all, there is only one way through a terrifying, disastrous moment that will change everything forever.... In her explosive novel Looking for Mr. Goodbar, Judith Rossner issued a chilling wake-up call to a generation intoxicated by sexual freedom. Now the New York Times bestselling author explores another fatal turn in this unforgettable novel of mother-daughter love gone torturously, tragically wrong.","Fiction, Contemporary",1,Religious
"Steve, Brewer",Monkey Man,"Bubba's back. Having coffee with a new client, things seem to be going well until the monkey with the gun shows up. Now Bubba's facing an uncooperative police force, a barrel full of suspects, and an intern that drives everyone bananas. He's got to figure out which of the animals at the Albuquerque zoo really belong behind bars.","Mystery",1,Cultural
"Kathi, Appelt",Keeper,"Keeper is a breathtaking, magical novel from National Book Award finalist and Newbery Honoree Kathi Appelt. To ten-year-old Keeper the moon is her chance to fix all that has gone wrong ... and so much has gone wrong. But she knows who can make things right again: Maggie Marie, her mermaid mother, who swam away when Keeper was just three. A blue moon calls the mermaids to gather at the sandbar, and that's exactly where Keeper is headed—in a small boat. In the middle of the night, with only her dog, BD (Best Dog), and a seagull named Captain, she faces the riptide that threatens to pull her away from shore and into the rough waters of the Gulf of Mexico.","Fantasy, Middle Grade, Fiction, Young Adult, Childrens, Magical Realism, Mermaids",1,Cultural
"Maryann Jacob, Macias",Téo's Tutu,"Téo loves to dance, whether it's the cumbia with papi, the bhangra with amma, or ballet class with Miss Lila. He also loves the way his tutu makes him feel, inside and out. But when it comes time to decide which outfit to wear in the big dance recital—a sparkly tutu or shimmering silver pants—Téo wonders if being his most authentic self on stage will put him too much in the spotlight.","Picture Books, LGBT, Childrens, Queer, Gender, Realistic Fiction, Fiction",1,Religious
"Brandy, Colbert",Finding Yvonne,"Cherry Kerrigan loves her simple life, her family’s tiny trailer, even working at Burrito Barn. But when Ardelia Deen, a glamorous starlet, enters her world and offers an unexpected chance at change, everything is turned upside down. Yvonne embarks on a journey of self-discovery that challenges her ideas about family, love, and what it means to belong.","Contemporary, Young Adult, Romance, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary, Audiobook",1,Political
"Kathy, Stinson",101 Ways to Dance,"In this quirky collection, award-winning author Kathy Stinson offers characters and plotlines that reflect the many ways teens learn about lust and love. From the first stirrings of same-sex desire on a lakeside beach to troubling paternity questions around a teen pregnancy, 101 Ways to Dance captures the spectrum of teen sexuality from the very sweet to the very scary. These stories offer opportunities for honest discussion while entertaining reluctant readers.","Short Stories, Young Adult, Canada, Teen",1,Offensive Language
"David, Macaulay",The Way We Work: Getting to Know the Amazing Human Body,"An informative exploration of the human body, this engaging nonfiction work introduces young readers to the science behind how our bodies function—from cells to organs—in a clear and accessible manner.","Science, Nonfiction, Reference, Childrens, Biology, Health, Bodies",1,Political
"Claire, LaZebnik",Wrong About the Guy,"Ellie Withers is determined that nothing will stand in the way of her dreams—even when her stepfather's stardom and his oversize personality cast an unexpected shadow over her life. As she grapples with her identity and questions the people around her, Ellie learns valuable lessons about friendship, self-worth, and the misconceptions that can come from first impressions.","Young Adult, Romance, Retellings, Contemporary, Chick Lit, Young Adult Contemporary, Contemporary Romance",1,Political
"Beth, Revis",Across the Universe,"After her parents’ divorce, a young girl embarks on a journey of self-discovery as she navigates love, loss, and the transformative power of music—a story set against the backdrop of a tumultuous era.","Young Adult, Science Fiction, Dystopia, Romance, Fantasy, Fiction, Mystery",1,Political
"Katharine, McGee",Reign,"A stirring tale of love and power set against the backdrop of modern royalty in America, where long-held family secrets and scandals threaten to shatter the façade of glamour and control.","Romance, Young Adult, Audiobook, Fiction, Contemporary, Chick Lit, Fantasy",1,Religious
"Aidan, Chambers",Postcards From No Man's Land,"A young man journeys to Amsterdam to honor his grandfather’s memory, only to discover startling truths about family, identity, and his own hidden desires along the way.","Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Fiction, Historical, War, LGBT, Realistic Fiction",1,Political
"Claire, Legrand",Sawkill Girls,"On the eerie island of Sawkill Rock, a group of girls face the eerie legend of disappearing locals and uncover dark secrets lurking beneath the surface—a haunting mystery that demands answers.","Horror, Young Adult, Fantasy, LGBT, Mystery, Fiction, Thriller",1,Offensive Language
"Libba, Bray",Before the Devil Breaks You,"A paranormal journey through history and magic, this tale follows a young woman who encounters a ghostly figure that alters her destiny amid the shadows of old-world Florence.","Fantasy, Historical Fiction, Young Adult, Paranormal, Audiobook, Horror, Historical",1,Offensive Language
"Diana, Gabaldon",Dragonfly in Amber,"In this epic historical romance with a twist of fantasy and time travel, secrets of the past resurface to change the lives of those caught between fate and freedom in a turbulent era.","Historical Fiction, Romance, Fantasy, Fiction, Time Travel, Historical, Historical Romance",1,Religious
"Sharon, Creech",Walk Two Moons,"A timeless coming-of-age tale that weaves together two stories—one of a girl's bittersweet journey and another of her grandmother’s intriguing past—offering a portrait of loss, love, and the healing power of memory.","Young Adult, Fiction, Middle Grade, Childrens, Realistic Fiction, School, Classics",1,Religious
"Barbara, Dee",Maybe He Just Likes You,"A humorous yet poignant exploration of first love and the confusing signals of attraction, told through the eyes of a middle school girl navigating friendship and romance.","Middle Grade, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Young Adult, Contemporary, Audiobook, Childrens",1,Political
"Tomi, Adeyemi",Children of Blood and Bone,"In a land where magic has been brutally suppressed, a young heroine rises to challenge the oppressive regime and awaken a forgotten power—igniting a revolution against an age-old tyranny.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Fiction, Audiobook, Magic, Young Adult Fantasy, Romance",1,Religious
"Kami, Garcia",Beautiful Redemption,"Three tantalizing stories from the world of immortal vampires reveal secrets of love, heartbreak, and the eternal struggle to overcome the curse of eternal life.","Fantasy, Young Adult, Paranormal, Romance, Fiction, Magic, Supernatural",1,Religious
"Colleen, Hoover",Losing Hope,"A heart-wrenching tale of love, loss, and the desperate search for redemption—a story that explores the profound impact of secrets and the resilience of the human spirit.","Romance, New Adult, Young Adult, Contemporary, Fiction, Contemporary Romance, Abuse",1,Political
"Stephen, King",Revival,"A dark and electrifying novel about addiction and fanaticism, in which a chance encounter revives a connection that will have profound—and terrifying—consequences.","Horror, Fiction, Thriller, Audiobook, Fantasy, Mystery, Science Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Francesca Lia, Block",Teen Spirit,"A haunting and poetic ghost story that follows the journey of a teen confronting the realities of loss, love, and the mysteries of the afterlife.","Young Adult, Fantasy, Paranormal, Ghosts, Supernatural, Fiction, Romance",1,Religious
"Ryan, Gebhart",Of Jenny and the Aliens,"When unexpected extraterrestrial messages upend the ordinary, a young man finds himself drawn into a wild adventure that challenges his ideas of love and the meaning of home.","Young Adult, Science Fiction, Romance, Fiction, Aliens, Contemporary, Teen",1,Political
"Claire, Needell",The Word for Yes,"In a raw and honest exploration of modern relationships and the complexities of communication, a group of teens faces the challenges of love and identity in a fast-changing world.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Realistic Fiction, Fiction, Young Adult Contemporary, Social Issues, High School",1,Political
"Jennifer L., Armentrout",Grace and Glory,"In a world of angels and supernatural forces, a young heroine must navigate forbidden love and relentless danger to save not only herself but the world around her.","Fantasy, Romance, Paranormal, Young Adult, Audiobook, Urban Fantasy, Angels",1,Religious
"Andrew, Klavan",Don't Say a Word,"A suspenseful thriller where every secret holds deadly consequences—when silence becomes a weapon and the truth is more dangerous than lies.","Thriller, Fiction, Crime, Mystery, Suspense, Mystery Thriller, Adult",1,Political
"Jamila, Rowser",Wash Day Diaries,"A vivid graphic novel that celebrates the everyday lives, challenges, and triumphs of Black women through the lens of their cherished wash day rituals.","Graphic Novels, Nonfiction, Biography, History, Comics, LGBT",1,Religious
"Alexandra, Bracken",The Darkest Minds,"In a dystopian world where gifted teens are feared and exploited, a group of rebels must harness their extraordinary abilities to fight for their survival.","Young Adult, Dystopia, Fantasy, Science Fiction, Romance, Fiction, Paranormal",1,Offensive Language
"Cyndy Drew, Etler",The Dead Inside,"A brutally honest memoir of a young woman grappling with mental health challenges and the loss that reshapes her view of life.","Memoir, Nonfiction, Mental Health, Abuse, Autobiography, Adult, Biography",1,Offensive Language
"Sayantani, Dasgupta",Debating Darcy,"A sharp and witty retelling of a classic romance, set in the high-stakes world of competitive debating where pride and prejudice come head-to-head.","Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Retellings, Fiction, Audiobook, Realistic Fiction",1,Political
"Kris, Radish",The Elegant Gathering of White Snows,"Eight women embark on an unexpected journey down a rural highway, sharing their innermost secrets and redefining friendship along the way.","Fiction, Chick Lit, Book Club, Contemporary, Womens Fiction, Womens, Adult Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Kouyu, Shurei",Alichino,"Beautiful creatures called ""Alichino"" grant any wish to those who find them—but at a price. A young lady’s desperate search for magic turns dangerous when the cost of her wish becomes horrifying.","Manga, Fantasy, Graphic Novels, Comics, Shojo, Fiction, Horror",1,Offensive Language
Author,Title,Description,Genre,Banned,Label
"Rachel, Smythe",Lore Olympus: Volume Two,"Witness what the gods do after dark in the second volume of a stylish and contemporary reimagining of one of the best-known stories in Greek mythology from creator Rachel Smythe.  Persephone was ready to start a new life when she left the mortal realm for Olympus. However, she quickly discovered the dark side of her glamorous new home—from the relatively minor gossip threatening her reputation to a realm-shattering violation of her safety by the conceited Apollo—and she’s struggling to find her footing in the fast-moving realm of the gods. Hades is also off-balance, fighting against his burgeoning feelings for the young goddess of spring while maintaining his lonely rule of the Underworld. As the pair are drawn ever closer, they must untangle the twisted webs of their past and present to build toward a new future.  This full-color edition of Smythe’s original Eisner-nominated webcomic features a brand-new, exclusive short story, and brings Greek mythology into the modern age in a sharply perceptive and romantic graphic novel.  This volume collects episodes 26–49 of the #1 WEBTOON comic.", "Graphic Novels, Fantasy, Romance, Mythology, Comics, Retellings, Fiction",1,Cultural
"A. S., King",Glory O'Brien's History of the Future,"In this masterpiece about freedom, feminism, and destiny, Printz Honor author A.S. King tells the epic story of a girl coping with devastating loss at long last--a girl who has no idea that the future needs her, and that the present needs her even more. Graduating from high school is a time of limitless possibilities--but not for Glory, who has no plan for what's next. Her mother committed suicide when Glory was only four years old, and she's never stopped wondering if she will eventually go the same way...until a transformative night when she begins to experience an astonishing new power to see a person's infinite past and future. From ancient ancestors to many generations forward, Glory is bombarded with visions--and what she sees ahead of her is: A tyrannical new leader raises an army. Women's rights disappear. A violent second civil war breaks out. And young girls vanish daily, sold off or interned in camps. Glory makes it her mission to record everything she sees, hoping her notes will somehow make a difference. She may not see a future for herself, but she'll do anything to make sure this one doesn't come to pass.", "Young Adult, Magical Realism, Fantasy, Contemporary, Fiction, Science Fiction, Teen",1,Political
"Veronica, Rossi",Through the Ever Night,"It's been months since Aria learned of her mother's death.  Months since Perry became Blood Lord of the Tides, and months since Aria last saw him.  Now Aria and Perry are about to be reunited. It's a moment they've been longing for with countless expectations. And it's a moment that lives up to all of them. At fi rst. Then it slips away. The Tides don't take kindly to former Dwellers like Aria. And the tribe is swirling out of Perry's control. With the Aether storms worsening every day, the only remaining hope for peace and safety is the Still Blue. But does this haven truly exist?  Threatened by false friends and powerful temptations, Aria and Perry wonder, Can their love survive through the ever night?", "Young Adult, Dystopia, Fantasy, Romance, Science Fiction, Post Apocalyptic, Fiction",1,Political
"Trevor, Noah",Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood,"The memoir of one man’s coming-of-age, set during the twilight of apartheid and the tumultuous days of freedom that followed.  Trevor Noah’s unlikely path from apartheid South Africa to the desk of The Daily Show began with a criminal act: his birth. Trevor was born to a white Swiss father and a black Xhosa mother at a time when such a union was punishable by five years in prison. Living proof of his parents’ indiscretion, Trevor was kept mostly indoors for the earliest years of his life, bound by the extreme and often absurd measures his mother took to hide him from a government that could, at any moment, steal him away. Finally liberated by the end of South Africa’s tyrannical white rule, Trevor and his mother set forth on a grand adventure, living openly and freely and embracing the opportunities won by a centuries-long struggle.", "Nonfiction, Memoir, Biography, Audiobook, Humor, Autobiography, Africa",1,Political
"William L., Ury",The Third Side: Why We Fight and How We Can Stop,"According to William Ury, it takes two sides to fight, but a third to stop. Distilling the lessons of two decades of experience in family struggles, labor strikes, and wars, he presents a bold new strategy for stopping fights. He also describes ten practical roles--as managers, teachers, parents, and citizens--that each of us can play every day to prevent destructive conflict. Fighting isn't an inevitable part of human nature, Ury explains, drawing on his training as an anthropologist and his work among primitive tribes and modern corporations. We have a powerful alternative-- The Third Side --which can transform our daily battles into creative conflict and cooperation at home, at work, and in the world.", "Nonfiction, Psychology, Philosophy, Management, Business, Social Issues",1,Political
"Cristina, Maracho",Good Idea,"Can the right kind of boy get away with killing the wrong kind of girl?  Fin and Betty’s close friendship survived Fin’s ninth-grade move from their coastal Maine town to Manhattan. Calls, letters, and summer visits continued to bind them together, and in the fall of their senior year, they both applied to NYU, planning to reunite for good as roommates.  Then Betty disappears. Her ex-boyfriend Calder admits to drowning her, but his confession is thrown out, and soon the entire town believes he was coerced and Betty has simply run away. Fin knows the truth, and she returns to Williston for one final summer, determined to get justice for her friend, even if it means putting her loved ones—and herself—at risk.", "Mystery, Young Adult, Fiction, Thriller, LGBT, Mystery Thriller, Audiobook",1,Cultural
"Rachel, Cohn",Dash and Lily's Book of Dares,"“I’ve left some clues for you. If you want them, turn the page. If you don’t, put the book back on the shelf, please.”  So begins the latest whirlwind romance from the bestselling authors of Nick & Norah’s Infinite Playlist. Lily has left a red notebook full of challenges on a favorite bookstore shelf, waiting for just the right guy to come along and accept its dares. But is Dash that right guy? Or are Dash and Lily only destined to trade dares, dreams, and desires in the notebook they pass back and forth at locations across New York? Could their in-person selves possibly connect as well as their notebook versions? Or will they be a comic mismatch of disastrous proportions?", "Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Christmas, Fiction, Holiday, Realistic Fiction",1,Cultural
"Danielle, Steel",The Gift (DS),"On a June day, a young woman in a summer dress steps off a Chicago-bound bus into a small midwestern town. She doesn't intend to stay. She is just passing through. Yet her stopping here has a reason and it is part of a story that you will never forget.  The time is the 1950s, when life was simpler, people still believed in dreams, and family was, very nearly, everything. And in a tree-lined street in the heartland of America, an extraordinary set of events begins to unfold. And gradually what seems serendipitous is tinged with purpose. A happy home is shattered by a child's senseless death. A loving marriage starts to unravel. And a stranger arrives—a young woman who will touch many lives before she moves on. She and a young man will meet and fall in love. Their love, so innocent and full of hope, helps to restore a family's dreams. And all of their lives will be changed forever by the precious gift she leaves them.", "Romance, Fiction, Chick Lit, Adult, Drama, Contemporary, Contemporary Romance",1,Cultural
"P. C., Cast",Neferet's Curse,"The White City, 1893: In turn-of-the-century Chicago, with the World's Fair bringing bustle and excitement to her home city, a set of deadly secrets entwine with the lives of troubled young people as ancient vampires prophesy a terrible curse.", "Young Adult, Fantasy, Vampires, Paranormal, Fiction, Romance, Supernatural",1,Religious
"Gena, Showalter",Evil Queen,"Once Upon a Time meets Game of Thrones in New York Times bestselling author Gena Showalter’s magical, romantic dark fantasy series, in which the fairy tales we know and love are prophecies of the future.", "Fantasy, Young Adult, Retellings, Romance, Young Adult Fantasy, Magic, Fiction",1,Religious
"Amber J., Keyser",No More Excuses: Dismantling Rape Culture,"Soon after the sexual misconduct allegations against film producer Harvey Weinstein became public in late 2017, the #MeToo movement went viral, opening up an explosive conversation about rape culture around the globe.", "Nonfiction, Feminism, Adult, Social Issues, Politics, Womens, Womens Studies",1,Political
"Rick, Riordan",Punching Bag,"Laugh out loud with a bizarre mystery: Bubba's back—until a monkey with a gun crashes the scene at a high-profile client meeting.", "Mystery",1,Cultural
"Kara Lee, Corthron",The Truth of Right Now,"If you could take back one thing you’ve done in your life, do you know what it would be?  As secrets unravel and friendships are tested, one young protagonist discovers that the truth changes everything.", "Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Coming Of Age, Realistic Fiction, Mental Health, Family",1,Cultural
"Beth, Revis",Across the Universe,"A love out of time. A spaceship built of secrets and murder.  Seventeen-year-old Amy joins her parents as frozen cargo aboard the vast spaceship Godspeed and expects to awaken on a new planet, three hundred years in the future. Never could she have known that her frozen slumber would come to an end fifty years too soon and that she would be thrust into the brave new world of a spaceship that lives by its own rules.", "Young Adult, Science Fiction, Dystopia, Romance, Fantasy, Fiction, Mystery",1,Political
"Katharine, McGee",Reign,"A queen's life hangs in the balance, and her siblings’ decisions—about what to do, and most of all, who to love—could change the course of history. America's royal family is in shambles. Amid scandals and power plays, one young princess must decide if love and duty can coexist.", "Romance, Young Adult, Audiobook, Fiction, Contemporary, Chick Lit, Fantasy",1,Political
"Aidan, Chambers",Postcards From No Man's Land,"Seventeen-year-old Jacob Todd is about to discover himself. Jacob's plan is to go to Amsterdam to honor his grandfather who died during World War II. But nothing goes as planned, and Jacob finds that the path to identity is paved with unexpected challenges.", "Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Fiction, Historical, War, LGBT, Realistic Fiction",1,Political
"Claire, Legrand",Sawkill Girls,"Beware of the woods and the dark, dank deep. He’ll follow you home, and he won’t let you sleep.  Who are the Sawkill Girls?  Marion: the new girl. Awkward and plain, yet determined. Zoey: the pariah, haunted by loss. Val: the queen bee, powerful yet ruthless. Their secrets unravel on the mysterious island of Sawkill Rock.", "Horror, Young Adult, Fantasy, LGBT, Mystery, Fiction, Thriller",1,Offensive Language
"Libba, Bray",Before the Devil Breaks You,"New York City. 1927. Lights are bright. Jazz is king. Parties are wild. And the dead are coming. A supernatural plague and eerie visions haunt a city on the brink, as its inhabitants confront horrors from beyond.", "Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Paranormal, Dystopia, Horror, Fiction, Contemporary",1,Offensive Language
"Philippa, Gregory",The Boleyn Inheritance,"Three Women Who Share One Fate: The Boleyn Inheritance.  In a court of treachery and scandal, survival and betrayal come hand in hand as secrets from the Tudor era threaten to shatter lives.", "Historical Fiction, Fiction, Historical, Romance, Tudor Period, British Literature, Adult",1,Political
"Colleen, Hoover",Ugly Love,"When Tate Collins meets airline pilot Miles Archer, she knows it isn’t love at first sight. What begins as a purely physical arrangement soon devolves into a turbulent journey where hearts break and rules shatter.", "Contemporary, New Adult, Fiction, Contemporary Romance, Audiobook, Adult, Chick Lit",1,Cultural
"Libba, Bray",Lair of Dreams,"The longing of dreams draws the dead, and this city holds many dreams. After a supernatural showdown, a group of Diviners is forced to confront visions of despair—and the possibility of redemption.", "Fantasy, Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Paranormal, Audiobook, Mystery, Historical",1,Religious
"Rick, Riordan",The Mark of Athena,"Annabeth is terrified. Just when she's about to be reunited with Percy—after six months apart thanks to Hera—Camp Jupiter stands on the brink of war. A mythological quest begins.", "Fantasy, Mythology, Young Adult, Fiction, Middle Grade, Adventure, Greek Mythology",1,Cultural
"Meg, Cabot",How to Be Popular,"Do you want to be popular? Everyone wants to be popular or at least, Stephanie Landry does. Once the perennial outsider, Steph embarks on a daring plan to join the It Crowd and rewrite high school politics.", "Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Chick Lit, Fiction, Teen, Realistic Fiction",1,Cultural
"Pat, Conroy",The Lords of Discipline,"A novel you will never forget...  Follow four cadets as they endure the hellish trials of a brutal military institute and learn that loyalty, friendship, and courage come at a painful price.", "Fiction, Historical Fiction, Military Fiction, Southern, Classics, Literature, Coming Of Age",1,Cultural
"Lisa, Scottoline",Final Appeal,"Grace Rossi is starting over after a divorce, and a part-time job with a federal appeals court seems perfect—until an explosive death penalty appeal forces her into a spiral of corruption, murder, and moral dilemmas.", "Mystery, Fiction, Thriller, Legal Thriller, Mystery Thriller, Suspense, Crime",1,Political
"Alicia D., Williams",Genesis Begins Again,"This is the story of a thirteen-year-old girl who is filled with self-loathing and must overcome internalized racism and a verbally abusive family to finally learn to love herself.", "Middle Grade, Realistic Fiction, Young Adult, Fiction, Contemporary, African American, Family",1,Cultural
"Alyson, Noël",Night Star,"After fighting for centuries to be together, Ever and Damien's future hinges on one final showdown that will decide their fate. Immortal love is tested against the ravages of time and the price of unending existence.", "Young Adult, Fantasy, Paranormal, Romance, Fiction, Supernatural, Paranormal Romance",1,Religious
"Ron, Koertge",Boy Girl Boy,"Larry, Teresa, and Elliot are so tight, there's no room in their circle for more than boy, girl, boy. As their bonds are tested by growing up and finding their true selves, they learn the cost of authenticity.", "Young Adult, LGBT, Banned Books, Fiction, Queer, Teen, Romance",1,Political
"Jason, Myers",Dead End,"Dru and Gina are young, in love, and desperate to escape Marshall, Nebraska—a town where tradition rules and family legacy can be a death sentence.", "Young Adult, Realistic Fiction, Romance, Fiction, Contemporary, Abuse, Mystery",1,Offensive Language
"Alex, Sanchez",Bait,"After Diego lands himself on probation for fighting, he learns that controlling his anger means confronting painful memories and unraveling the truths of his troubled past.", "Young Adult, Fiction, Abuse, LGBT, Contemporary, Realistic Fiction, Teen",1,Offensive Language
"Anh, Do",WeirDo Series: Mega Weird!,"Life for WeirDo is MEGA BUSY! He’s planning on making MEGA bucks from the Street Garage Sale, plus he’s helping Bella write a winning song! And is that a dusty dino bone in the corner? It won’t be easy . . . but it will be funny!", "Childrens, Fiction, School",1,Religious
"Holly, Black",Geektastic: Stories from the Nerd Herd,"Acclaimed authors Holly Black and Cecil Castellucci unite to curate a collection of short stories celebrating the quirky, humorous, and unapologetically geeky side of youth culture.", "Short Stories, Young Adult, Fiction, Anthologies, Contemporary, Humor, Fantasy",1,Religious
"C. C., Hunter",Taken at Dusk,"A paranormal adventure unfolds as a gifted teen must navigate a world of darkness, danger, and ancient secrets lurking in the twilight.", "Young Adult, Paranormal, Fiction, Thriller, Mystery",1,Religious
"Nina, LaCour",Hold Still,"An arresting story about starting over after a friend’s suicide—a journey of grief, healing, and learning that love and loss can coexist in unexpected ways.", "Young Adult, Contemporary, Mental Health, Fiction, Realistic Fiction, LGBT, Romance",1,Religious
"Cecily, Von Ziegesar",Tempted (CVZ),"This modern retelling of classic romance explores the tumult of first love, the sting of youthful defiance, and the complicated truths of growing up in a world full of secrets.", "Young Adult, Chick Lit, Contemporary, Fiction, Romance, High School, Boarding School",1,Offensive Language
"Rick, Riordan",The Dark Prophecy,The Trials Of Apollo Book 2,"When a new threat looms over Olympus and Earth, demigods must rise to face challenges that blend myth, magic, and modern adventure in a race against time.", "Fantasy, Mythology, Young Adult, Fiction, Middle Grade, Adventure, Greek Mythology",1,Religious
"David, Ward",Escape the Mask,"The first in a new adventure trilogy, where child slaves on a mysterious plain must risk everything to escape oppression and claim their freedom.", "Fantasy, Young Adult, Dystopia, Childrens",1,Offensive Language
"Francesca Lia, Block",Goat Girls: Two Weetzie Bat Books,"Two magical-realist coming-of-age stories from Francesca Lia Block: Witch Baby and Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys combine whimsy, mischief, and the bittersweet challenges of youth.", "Young Adult, Fiction, Fantasy, Magical Realism, Romance, Urban Fantasy, Magic",1,Religious
"Rachel, Cohn",Dash and Lily's Book of Dares,"“I’ve left some clues for you. If you want them, turn the page. If you don’t, put the book back on the shelf, please.” A red notebook full of dares sets the stage for a quirky, heartfelt New York romance that makes you believe in the magic of connection.", "Young Adult, Romance, Contemporary, Christmas, Fiction, Holiday, Realistic Fiction",1,Religious
"Danielle, Steel",The Gift (DS),"On a June day, a young woman in a summer dress steps off a Chicago-bound bus into a small midwestern town. Her brief stop unleashes a chain of events that will change lives forever.", "Romance, Fiction, Chick Lit, Adult, Drama, Contemporary, Contemporary Romance",1,Offensive Language
"P. C., Cast",Neferet's Curse,"(Duplicate) The White City, 1893: Secrets, ancient prophecies, and deadly vampires converge in a tale of doomed love and curses that threaten to upend life in turn-of-the-century Chicago.", "Young Adult, Fantasy, Vampires, Paranormal, Fiction, Romance, Supernatural",1,Offensive Language
"Gena, Showalter",Evil Queen,"(Duplicate) Once Upon a Time meets Game of Thrones as a dark, romantic fantasy reimagines fairy-tale prophecy with betrayal, power, and forbidden love.", "Fantasy, Young Adult, Retellings, Romance, Young Adult Fantasy, Magic, Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Amber J., Keyser",No More Excuses: Dismantling Rape Culture,"(Duplicate) In the wake of explosive sexual misconduct revelations, this timely work dissects rape culture and the structures that support it, urging readers to dismantle the oppressive status quo.", "Nonfiction, Feminism, Adult, Social Issues, Politics, Womens, Womens Studies",1,Offensive Language
"Saraciea J., Fennell",Wild Tongues Can't Be Tamed: 15 Voices from the Latinx Diaspora,"Edited by The Bronx Is Reading founder Saraciea Fennell and featuring an all-star cast of Latinx contributors, an anthology unlike any other in the young adult market now.  In Wild Tongues Can’t Be Tamed, bestselling and award-winning authors as well as up-and-coming voices interrogate the different myths and stereotypes about the Latinx diaspora. These 15 original pieces delve into everything from ghost stories and superheroes, to memories in the kitchen and travels around the world, to addiction and grief, to identity and anti-Blackness, to finding love and speaking your truth.  features bestselling and award-winning authors as well as new, up-and-coming voices, including: Elizabeth Acevedo Cristina Arreola Ingrid Rojas Contreras Naima Coster Natasha Diaz Kahlil Haywood Zakiya Jamal Janel Martinez Jasminne Mendez Meg Medina Mark Oshiro Julian Randall Lilliam Rivera Ibi Zoboi  Full of both sorrow and joy, is an essential celebration of this rich and diverse community.","Short Stories, Young Adult, Poetry, Anthologies, Audiobook, Essays, LGBT",1,Cultural
"J. P., Delaney",The Girl Before,"An enthralling psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune and another woman's mysterious fate through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception.  Please make a list of every possession you consider essential to your life.  The request seems odd, even intrusive - and for the two women who answer, the consequences are devastating.    Reeling from a traumatic break-in, Emma wants a new place to live. But none of the apartments she sees are affordable or feel safe. Until One Folgate Street. The house is an architectural masterpiece: a minimalist design of pale stone, plate glass, and soaring ceilings. But there are rules. The enigmatic architect who designed the house retains full control: no books, no throw pillows, no photos or clutter or personal effects of any kind. The space is intended to transform its occupant - and it does.    After a personal tragedy, Jane needs a fresh start. When she finds One Folgate Street, she is instantly drawn to the space - and to its aloof but seductive creator. Moving in, Jane soon learns about the untimely death of the home's previous tenant, a woman similar to Jane in age and appearance. As Jane tries to untangle truth from lies, she unwittingly follows the same patterns, makes the same choices, crosses paths with the same people, and experiences the same terror as the girl before.","Thriller, Mystery, Fiction, Mystery Thriller, Suspense, Audiobook, Psychological Thriller",1,Political
"Dhonielle, Clayton",The Rumor Game,"All it takes is one spark to start a blaze.  At Foxham Prep, a posh private school for the children of DC’s elite, a single rumor has the power to ruin a life.  Nobody knows that better than Bryn. She used to have it all—the perfect boyfriend, a bright future in politics, and even popularity, thanks to her best friend, cheer captain Cora. Then one mistake sparked a scandal that burned it all to the ground.  Now it’s the start of a new school year and the spotlight has shifted: It’s geeky Georgie, newly hot after a summer makeover, whose name is on everyone’s lips. When a rumor ignites, Georgie rockets up the school’s social hierarchy, pitting her and Cora against each other. It grants her Foxham stardom . . . but it also makes her a target.  As the rumors grow and morph, blazing like wildfire through the school’s social media, all three girls’ lives begin to unravel. But one person close to the drama has the power to stop the gossip in its tracks. The question is—do they even want to?  From Dhonielle Clayton and Sona Charaipotra, authors of the Tiny Pretty Things duology (now a Netflix series), comes the edge-of-your-seat social thriller everyone will be talking about.","Young Adult, Contemporary, Mystery, Thriller, Mental Health, Mystery Thriller, Realistic Fiction",1,Offensive Language
"Richelle, Mead",Vampire Academy (A Graphic Novel),"Look out for Bloodlines, Richelle Mead’s new series set in the world of Vampire Academy, coming August 2011!  After two years on the run, best friends Rose and Lissa are caught and returned to St. Vladimir's Academy, a private high school for vampires and half-bloods. It's filled with intrigue, danger - and even romance. Enter their dark, fascinating world through a new series of 144-page full-color graphic novels. The entire first Vampire Academy novel has been adapted for book one by Leigh Dragoon and overseen by Richelle Mead, while the beautiful art of acclaimed British illustrator Emma Vieceli brings the story to life.","Graphic Novels, Vampires, Young Adult, Fantasy, Paranormal, Romance, Comics",1,Cultural
"Cormac, McCarthy",The Road,"A searing, postapocalyptic novel destined to become Cormac McCarthy’s masterpiece.  A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind. It is cold enough to crack stones, and when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the coast, although they don’t know what, if anything, awaits them there. They have nothing; just a pistol to defend themselves against the lawless bands that stalk the road, the clothes they are wearing, a cart of scavenged food—and each other.  is the profoundly moving story of a journey. It boldly imagines a future in which no hope remains, but in which the father and his son, “each the other’s world entire,” are sustained by love. Awesome in the totality of its vision, it is an unflinching meditation on the worst and the best that we are capable of: ultimate destructiveness, desperate tenacity, and the tenderness that keeps two people alive in the face of total devastation.","Fiction, Science Fiction, Dystopia, Post Apocalyptic, Horror, Literature, Novels",1,Offensive Language
"Shaun David, Hutchinson",Feral Youth,"At Zeppelin Bend, an outdoor education program designed to teach troubled youth the value of hard work, cooperation, and compassion, ten teens are left alone in the wild. The teens are a diverse group who come from all walks of life, and they were all sent to Zeppelin Bend as a last chance to get them to turn their lives around. They’ve just spent nearly two weeks learning to survive in the wilderness, and now their instructors have dropped them off eighteen miles from camp with no food, no water, and only their packs, and they’ll have to struggle to overcome their vast differences if they hope to survive.  Inspired by , Feral Youth features characters, each complex and damaged in their own ways, who are enticed to tell a story (or two) with the promise of a cash prize. The stories range from noir-inspired revenge tales to mythological stories of fierce heroines and angry gods. And while few of the stories are claimed to be based in truth, they ultimately reveal more about the teller than the truth ever could.","Young Adult, Short Stories, Contemporary, Anthologies, LGBT, Fiction, Retellings",1,Offensive Language
"Cecil, Castellucci",Tin Star,"On their way to start a new life, Tula and her family travel on the Prairie Rose, a colony ship headed to a planet in the outer reaches of the galaxy. All is going well until the ship makes a stop at a remote space station, the Yertina Feray, and the colonist's leader, Brother Blue, beats Tula within an inch of her life. An alien, Heckleck, saves her and teaches her the ways of life on the space station. When three humans crash land onto the station, Tula's desire for escape becomes irresistible, and her desire for companionship becomes unavoidable. But just as Tula begins to concoct a plan to get off the space station and kill Brother Blue, everything goes awry, and suddenly romance is the farthest thing from her mind.","Science Fiction, Young Adult, Aliens, Space, Romance, Fiction, Dystopia",1,Political
"Marissa, Moss",Caravaggio: Painter on the Run,"Caravaggio was on a defiant mission to change the art world. Before him, there were pastel-colored idealized visions, polite paintings for a polite society. After him, there were slews of imitators, trying to grasp his brilliant slashes of light and dark, his people who looked more like your neighbor than a model of perfection. Bold with his brush, the young rebel was equally brash in his life, picking fights and getting arrested for things as silly as throwing a plate of artichokes in a waiter's face. Until he faced the ultimate punishment, condemned for a murder he didn't commit – at least not intentionally. His flight to freedom remains one of the most incredible feats of human cunning, will, and endurance ever undertaken.  Charrière's astonishing autobiography, Papillon, was published in France to instant acclaim in 1968, more than twenty years after his final escape. Since then, it has become a treasured classic -- the gripping, shocking, ultimately uplifting odyssey of an innocent man who simply would not be defeated.","Historical, Young Adult, Historical Fiction, Fiction",1,Cultural
"J.K., Rowling",The Casual Vacancy,"A BIG NOVEL ABOUT A SMALL TOWN…  When Barry Fairbrother dies unexpectedly in his early forties, the little town of Pagford is left in shock. Pagford appears to be an English idyll—with a cobbled market square and an ancient abbey—but behind its charming façade lies a town at war. The rich clash with the poor, teenagers battle their parents, wives contend with their husbands, and teachers struggle with their pupils. Pagford is far from what it seems.  The empty seat Barry leaves on the town council becomes the catalyst for the fiercest conflict the town has ever seen. The election to fill his seat is fraught with passion, duplicity, and unexpected revelations. Who will triumph in this battle of wills?","Fiction, Contemporary, Mystery, Adult, Adult Fiction, Audiobook, Drama",1,Political
"Richard, Appignanesi",Manga Shakespeare: A Midsummer Night's Dream,"The latest in the breakout series Manga Shakespeare, introducing teens to a new kind of Bard.  In one of Shakespeare’s funniest, most enduring stories, meddling fairies create unexpected love triangles among a group of teenagers. Hermia is in love with Lysander. Demetrius is in love with Hermia. Helena is in love with Demetrius. Add to the mix Puck, a fairy with a powerful love potion, and chaos is sure to follow. Now everyone’s in love with Helena, Hermia is hopping mad, and the fairy queen Titania is in love with a man with a donkey’s head! Using the style and visual language of manga, Kate Brown transforms Shakespeare’s world into something new and vibrant. It’s the perfect introduction to Shakespeare’s work for reluctant readers and manga fans alike.   F&P level: Z","Manga, Fantasy, Graphic Novels, Classics, Comics, Romance, Plays",1,Religious
"Henri, Charrière",Papillon,"Henri Charrière, called ""Papillon,"" for the butterfly tattoo on his chest, was convicted in Paris in 1931 of a murder he did not commit. Sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, he became obsessed with one goal: escape. After planning and executing a series of treacherous yet failed attempts over many years, he was eventually sent to the notorious prison, Devil's Island, a place from which no one had ever escaped . . . until Papillon. His flight to freedom remains one of the most incredible feats of human cunning, will, and endurance ever undertaken.  Charrière's astonishing autobiography, Papillon, was published in France to instant acclaim in 1968, more than twenty years after his final escape. Since then, it has become a treasured classic -- the gripping, shocking, ultimately uplifting odyssey of an innocent man who simply would not be defeated.","Nonfiction, Biography, Classics, Memoir, Adventure, Autobiography, France",1,Offensive Language
"Gabriel, García Márquez",One Hundred Years of Solitude,"The brilliant, bestselling, landmark novel that tells the story of the Buendia family, and chronicles the irreconcilable conflict between the desire for solitude and the need for love—in rich, imaginative prose that has come to define an entire genre known as ""magical realism.""","Fiction, Magical Realism, Fantasy, Literature, Historical Fiction, Novels, Spanish Literature",1,Religious
"Maggie, Stiefvater",Shiver,"For years, Grace has watched the wolves in the woods behind her house. One yellow-eyed wolf—her wolf—is a chilling presence she can't seem to live without. Meanwhile, Sam has lived two lives: In winter, the frozen woods, the protection of the pack, and the silent company of a fearless girl. In summer, a few precious months of being human… until the cold makes him shift back again.  Now, Grace meets a yellow-eyed boy whose familiarity takes her breath away. It's her wolf. It has to be. But as winter nears, Sam must fight to stay human—or risk losing himself, and Grace, forever.","Young Adult, Fantasy, Romance, Paranormal, Werewolves, Fiction, Paranormal Romance",1,Offensive Language
"Joanne, Harris",Chocolat,"A timeless novel of a straitlaced village's awakening to joy and sensuality - every page offers a description of chocolate to melt in the mouths of chocoholics, francophiles, armchair gourmets, cookbook readers, and lovers of passion everywhere.  Illuminating Peter Mayle's South of France with a touch of Laura Esquivel's magic realism, Chocolat is a timeless novel of a straitlaced village's awakening to joy and sensuality. In tiny Lansquenet, where nothing much has changed in a hundred years, beautiful newcomer Vianne Rocher and her exquisite chocolate shop arrive and instantly begin to play havoc with Lenten vows. Each box of luscious bonbons comes with a free gift: Vianne's uncanny perception of its buyer's private discontents and a clever, caring cure for them. Is she a witch? Soon the parish no longer cares, as it abandons itself to temptation, happiness, and a dramatic face-off between Easter solemnity and the pagan gaiety of a chocolate festival.","Fiction, Romance, Magical Realism, France, Fantasy, Contemporary, Historical Fiction",1,Religious
